{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-ItalicMT;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldItalicMT;\f4\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red191\green191\blue191;
\red191\green191\blue191;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c79608\c79608\c79608;
\cssrgb\c79608\c79608\c79608;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh11100\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa281\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28\fsmilli14080 \cf0 \cb3 Straw Hat Luffy was awakened by a subtle swaying that seemed to grow more violent by the second as he opened his eyes, blinked, and yawned tiredly. What was he doing before he dozed off? Memories presented themselves as his mind snapped back into alertness. Oh, yeah. He was still drifting. What was that noise? He took a look around him as his eyes focused, and laughed out loud.\
"Damn, how do I always forget these things?" he asked with obvious mirth in the face of the whirlpool that threatened to devour his inadequacy of a boat. In the long run, something like this was trivial, laughable really, but Luffy couldn't help but find it troubling that it could have potentially ended his journey before it had even begun.\
He glanced at the barrel next to him as it rocked back and forth with the waves. Should he try it\'85? It should work...based on past experience. He quickly dismissed the thought, though, chastising himself for his careless nature. If it didn't work, he wasn't coming out of the water unless a miracle happened. In his experience, miracles happened often, although they could only help you so much.\
Regardless, he didn't want to risk it. It would not do for the future Pirate King to die at the hands of a tiny ass whirlpool like this. It wasn't his own fate he was worried about as much as the fate of the lives he would come to affect. In the beginning of his journey, he had easily resigned himself to the risks of his foolish dream, but as thoughts of those that he had to protect gradually piled up on his conscience, that mindset became increasingly difficult to maintain. In the eyes of many, he would always be a careless idiot, and in some respects this would always hold true. But what some didn't realize was that there were some things he had an ingrained intelligence for from the beginning, and other things he had forcefully willed himself to learn along the way\'85with some help.\
He made a quick decision. He had already resolved to play an active role this time around, and that meant not leaving himself at the mercy of a barrel if he could help it. So he took a quick leap off the boat, propelling himself over the waters with a force that almost sank it. Any sane person would have wondered if he was losing it with this recent action, but sane people didn't last very long where he was going. After reaching the highest point of his jump, he took another step, and the air below him responded in turn, propelling him higher and further. He took more steps until he was cruising through the air at a comfortable speed.\
Now, to get down to business. It should be closeby. He reached out with his Observation Haki, and more than a few dozen weak auras flickered to life within range of his senses. He also sensed slightly stronger auras approaching them. He predicted that they were all on a collision course, but then again he already knew that. It was an ambush after all.\
He accelerated quickly and made his way over to the slightly stronger auras in the distance. One in particular dwarfed them all in power, but in other aspects that were far more important at this stage, it paled in comparison to another that Luffy instantly recognized. The shockingly humble presence brought a nostalgic smile to Luffy's face.\
"Wait for me, old buddy."\
He reached the pirate ship with the Jolly Roger that confirmed Luffy's already solid guess and touched down after quickly decelerating. The two pirates that were guarding the deck looked at him in shock, but shock quickly turned to malice. If they gave any more thought to the fact that they hadn't even noticed his approach until he had landed right in front of them, they may have been a bit more cautious. As it was, they were inclined to ask who the hell he was and charge at him with swords at the ready before waiting for an answer.\
Luffy was in deep thought, but spared them a glance as he punched both their lights out.\
Leaving the unconscious fodder on the deck, he made his way through a door and caught sight of the person who he had come to find. At first glance of the bright pink hair and pudgy appearance, he had to resist the urge to laugh out loud. He compared this timid boy to the quiet, confident Marine he would one day grow up to be. There were some similarities other than appearance (most notably in his aura), but it was nonetheless difficult.\
The boy was being relentlessly harassed by a small group of pirates who were too busy taunting him to even notice Luffy's approach.\
"Excited yet, Coby? This is gonna be a big haul. You looking forward to some good old fashioned pirating?" The boy weakly glared at him, causing him to laugh. The others followed suit.\
"Is that even a question?" one thug asked. "Here's a better one. Are you looking forward to hiding below deck like a little bitch and then cleaning the captain's shoes just to avoid a beating?" They all howled with laughter. Cody turned red before he, to Luffy's disappointment, looked at the ground and let out a resigned sigh.\'a0
\f2\i We'll have to work on that
\f1\i0 , Luffy thought, as he mentally willed Coby to drop kick their asses through the floor, knowing full well that he wasn't capable of it. Yet. As he stepped in front of Coby, the unobservant idiots who by all rights should have been dead by now (mercy was not common on the vast seas, even if a minority of pirates made a habit of exercising it) finally took notice of his presence.\
"Who the hell is this guy? I've never seen him before," one said suspiciously.\
"New recruit maybe?" another piped up. The one who had been taunting immediately before Luffy stopped and glared at him.\
"Who are you? Identify yourself." Luffy looked him dead in the eye and grinned.\
"Well, I'm the guy who defeated your crew, kicked your captain's ass, and sunk your ship. That's all you really need to know." The pirates gaped at his audacity, but hesitated to attack.\
Something about this guy was holding them back, but they weren't smart enough for it to last very long. Luffy scratched his head at his own phrasing. To them, he was simply speaking from a future perspective, but it was technically true, minus sinking the ship. He had left that to the Marines last time. Before they could charge, Luffy spoke. "You'll wake up in about 10 minutes. Try not to drown, I guess." This stopped them in their tracks as they stared in confusion upon hearing the cryptic statement. Then they dropped to the ground, foaming at the mouth. Luffy observed Coby carefully.\
The blast, although weak to the point where he had to consciously control himself, was directed at everyone in the room. Coby was kneeling on the floor, sweating profusely and panting for breath, but he was still conscious.\'a0
\f2\i Not bad.\'a0
\f1\i0 Luffy smiled to himself, realizing that even this crybaby Coby, who had zero confidence and next to zero mental discipline, was still much stronger willed than your average East Blue pirate. That wasn't saying much, but it was something.\
"Hey, you! You're Coby, aren't you? If I heard right anyway\'85mind giving me some food? I'm starved."\
Coby was scared shitless at being addressed so casually by the person who had quite literally brought him to his knees with use of a faceless, overwhelming power. He nodded weakly and stood up on trembling knees. He walked forward,\'a0
\f2\i refusing
\f1\i0 \'a0to stumble, and led the mysterious boy to a supply storage closet, if only to appease him.\
He looked back at him as he walked, and gulped. The boy didn't seem to be hostile to him despite the display earlier. If anything, he should thank him for saving him from a potential beating. He was too intimidated at the moment to think of the ramifications of what the boy had just done. If those pirates were waking up in 10 minutes, they would surely run to Alvida, and the thought would have sickened him if he had been in a state of mind to worry about it. Instead, he opened the door and let the boy walk into the storage closet as if his life depended on it.\
"Wow, thanks Coby!" He dove into a barrel full of apples and started inhaling them\'97that was the only description Coby could really use. If he was chewing at all, Coby couldn't see it. It was all a blur as he bounced from one side of the room to another and gradually emptied the supply closet of its precious food. Just when Coby was starting to wonder where on earth he put it all, the boy stopped, sighing as he visibly restrained himself and patted his stomach dispassionately. "It's not much, but it will hold me over. I should leave some room for meat."\
Coby looked at him dubiously and found the courage to speak for the first time since the boy's introduction. "How much can you eat? Are you a glutton?" The boy looked at him and Coby froze, wondering if the slip had been a mistake. To his relief, the boy just laughed.\
"Most would say I am," he admitted. "I have room for a lot more, but fruit doesn't do much for me. My body is weird. I need some meat, but this will be enough until I make it to the next island. I might have to stock up here, though. I haven't eaten in over a day."\
Coby frowned as he interpreted "stock up" to mean "steal. He squashed the rising disapproval. This ship was filled with ruthless pirates, and as ashamed as he was to admit it, he was one of them. He had no right to look down on someone who stole from scum.\
"Why have you gone so long without eating?" Coby asked. The boy just shrugged.\
"A day isn't really that long," he answered. Normally he would be dismayed at the prospect of not eating for that long, but at the moment his thoughts were wandering to a certain man he would meet up with on the island he was visiting next. "But since you asked, I was at sea and quickly ran out of food since I had no idea where I was going until I finally spotted this ship."\
That surprised Coby. He should have guessed that the boy was a sailor, but the more sane part of his mind assumed he had somehow snuck aboard from the civilian ship that Alvida was about to purge. He remembered suddenly that a conflict would begin soon, and settled for one last question.\
"Um, if you don't mind me asking, what was that thing you did back there? You knocked those guys out cold without lifting a finger." The boy smirked.\
"Sorry. That's a secret. But you'll find out one day." Again with the vague responses. Coby nodded despite his lingering curiosity. Meanwhile, Luffy was internally wondering if he should just tell him. He didn't really feel like explaining the concept of Conqueror's Haki to someone who had yet to truly see the world. Even a small glimpse of its vastness might discourage the boy from pursuing his dream at this point.\
"Oops," he said suddenly. "I forgot to introduce myself. Sorry." He stood up, and Coby nodded to convey his desire to know. He smiled widely and threw his hands up in the air. "I'm Monkey D. Luffy! The man who is going to become the Pirate King!" Coby's jaw hung loosely in response to the bold statement.\
"Pirate King? Do you even realize what that means!?" he asked in shock.\
"Yes," Luffy said simply. But Coby shook his head furiously.\
"You're insane! Your desire is to stand at the top of this great age of pirates!" A hint of fear crept itself into Coby's voice at the thought of the boy he had unwittingly started to like dying a gruesome death. "Don't tell me you're going to the Grand Line! Are you after One Piece!?" The boy nodded, confirming his suspicion. Coby continued shaking his head. "It's impossible, Luffy! Give up now before you get yourself killed! I know I just met you and have no right to order you around, but I don't want you to die a premature death!"\
Luffy's held back from bonking him on the head, if only because Coby had worked up the courage to shout at him, something he wasn't sure he would have the nerve to do after Luffy kind of overdid it with testing his will. Instead he just gave the boy a confident smirk. "Not likely. It will be a while before things actually get dangerous, but I'll be ready when they do. Even so, if I die, I die. At the very least, I will leave my mark on this world."\
Coby looked awed. He probably assumed that Luffy meant he was going to make a name for himself, and while that was inevitable, Luffy was thinking more along the lines of impacting the lives of his crewmates.\
Technically, he didn't know them yet, which felt weird, but it hadn't been difficult to come to the decision that he would recruit every one of them. Luffy was no saint; he wouldn't go out of his way to help people he didn't know if he had no direct reason to do so. But with people who he knew as his comrades, people that he knew were suffering and had such bright potential for both goodness and greatness, there wasn't much of a decision to make.\
"I wonder if I can be like that." Coby's quiet voice pulled him out of his thoughts. "I wonder if I can live with no doubts, confidently fulfilling my ambitions."\
Luffy shrugged. "No reason why you can't."\
Coby's fists were clenched and started shaking. "I have a dream," he whispered. "It's nowhere near as amazing as yours, but I wonder if I can do it." He looked up to meet the focused gaze of Luffy, who smiled widely.\
"Only you can answer that one!"\
But Coby continued on, ranting as if he'd been discouraged, which Luffy thought was hilarious.\
"No, I\'a0
\f2\i will
\f1\i0 \'a0do it! I will become a Marine! A great Marine who follows the code of justice to the end! And I will stop pirates from wreaking havoc on the innocent!"\
Luffy's smile grew even wider. "Does that include Alvida?" It was a calculated risk, he knew.\
Coby's eyes widened in fear before the determination flooded back into them stronger than before. He took a deep breath, and shouted, "I will capture Alvida!"\
There was a sudden crash and Coby caught sight of a giant mace sticking out of the ruined wooden wall. "I was wondering where the hell you were while the others were attacking our target. And here I find you aiding a bounty hunter and entertaining thoughts of mutiny!"\
Coby stared in horror at the still smiling boy.\'a0
\f2\i Did he do that on purpose? Why? What would his motive be?
\f1\i0 \'a0He had essentially just gotten Coby killed for revealing his traitorous thoughts, but that didn't mean Alvida would have mercy on him! What was he trying to do?\
Alvida addressed Luffy directly. "And who do you think you are, planting thoughts of treason into my gullible cabin boy? Do you know who I am, brat?"\
Luffy looked at her, bored. "The biggest whale in East Blue?"\
All doubts vanished from Coby's mind. Luffy was definitely trying to get them both killed.\
Luffy's thoughts were elsewhere.\'a0
\f2\i Wait...does Laboon count? Nah, he's on the other side of Reverse Mountain, so that's not in East Blue. I guess there might be whales bigger than her in the eastern seas, but I've never met them, so it's not like I have any proof. So as far as I'm concerned, she's the biggest.\'a0
\f1\i0 He mentally pictured a certain orange-haired girl commenting on the idiocy of his thought process before he snapped back to reality, just as Alvida's shocked expression melted away to make room for an enraged one.\
Before she could compose herself enough to act, Luffy turned to Coby with the same bored expression. "What do you think, Coby? I guess there might be bigger whales out there\'85" he said.\
Comprehension dawned on Coby's face. It was a test. He was to become a Marine. Marines could not simply bow their heads in the face of insurmountable power. Their job was to protect the world from injustice when no one else would. How could he ever be a Marine if he couldn't stand up to a single pirate?\

\f2\i That's what it's about, isn't it, Luffy? The resolve to put your life on the line.
\f1\i0 \'a0His eyes hardened and something shifted within him. He snapped. "The fattest bitch-ass whale from here to Loguetown! Iron Mace Alvida!" He shouted it at the top of his lungs.\
Alvida wordlessly swung at the offending stain of a child with all her might, only for him to disappear from sight along with the bounty hunter. When her perception of reality caught up with what had just happened, she recognized that there had been a crash directly above her. She looked up to see a hole in the ship's deck. The shitstain of a bounty hunter was standing above deck with Coby sprawled down beside him in shock. He was casually taking down pirates who had reacted with hostility to his sudden interruption of their pirating. As they kept coming, he seemed to get slightly annoyed and his arms seemed to blur out of sight.\
As Alvida climbed out of the hole he had made, she realized that all of her henchmen were now unconscious. The rational part of her brain told her to be wary of this boy, the same part that was ruthlessly stomped into submission by the part of her brain that desperately wanted to process the image of his bloodied body dead at her feet. She screamed in frustration as she jumped into the air and came crashing down behind the boy, swinging down with her mace. Coby's eyes widened. He didn't even have time to shout a warning before the iron mace came crashing down on Luffy.\
And shattered upon contact with his head.\
Alvida started to back away as her brain registered that perhaps she wasn't a match for this boy at all. These insinuations, which were normally silenced by the part of her brain that dealt with treasonous thoughts, seemed to be roaring through her mind all of a sudden, unable to be suppressed. She continued to back away until the boy disappeared from her sight once again. A fist collided with the back of her head, robbing her of her consciousness.\
Coby watched as his preconceptions of the world were shattered right before his eyes. He knew Luffy was strong from what he'd shown so far, but to defeat the pirate that had plagued his existence for so long so effortlessly\'85it left him feeling oddly inadequate.\
Luffy was frowning. He had meant to demonstrate the practical use of his rubber body, but his reflexes had chosen a much more sophisticated method of defense. He was so used to fighting New World pirates. Should he even try to explain what just happened to the awestruck boy? He decided against it. Devil Fruits were one thing. But he wasn't sure how he would explain something like Armament Haki to Coby so early on even if he wanted to. He was no Rayleigh. He sucked at explaining things.\
Instead, he addressed another issue. "The Marines will be here soon. You can try to join them, but it would be suspicious in this situation. In fact, they might just arrest you."\
Coby nodded sadly at that. It was an accurate assumption.\
"Why don't you come with me for now? I'm going to a certain island to meet up with someone, but I honestly don't know how to get there." He laughed sheepishly while saying it. "But there's a Marine base on that island. It would be a good starting place for you." Coby smiled and nodded with enthusiasm.\
It was then that Luffy realized he didn't have a boat. He had abandoned his to its fate at the hands of the whirlpool. The thought saddened him. It was no Going Merry, it hadn't even come close to developing a consciousness from what he could tell (although admittedly he wasn't exactly an expert on the subject). Still, a pirate should look after his ship when he can. He idly considered stealing the ship he was on while avoiding the Marines, but he didn't want to risk Coby being sighted as an accomplice. And anyway, he had a threat to follow through on.\
He lifted his foot up above his head and brought it down in an axe kick. The effect was instantaneous. The ship's hull split right down the middle and it began to sink. Coby, who wasn't that surprised at this point, decided not to comment on the pointless destruction. The Marines would have sunk the ship anyway.\
Wondering what he was going to do now, Luffy reached out with his senses and froze. His eyes widened. This presence...how had he missed it until now? A quick scan with his Observation Haki revealed who she was. For all her stealth skills, she couldn't exactly escape his sixth sense. Only someone with similar training could attempt that, and this girl had none\'85for now. Her aura was radiating fear. That was likely a panicked reaction to what she had just seen, which, knowing her, was everything.\

\f2\i It's good to see you again, Nami
\f1\i0 , he thought, as sadness and nostalgia welled up inside him in equal proportions. He grabbed Coby and nonchalantly jumped off of the ship and onto her boat.\
Nami's eyes widened comically and she gasped. She had been planning to get away while she still had a chance, but he had found her somehow. This guy\'85he was dangerous.\
"Hello," the boy greeted. "Sorry for the trouble, but we're kind of stranded. Would you mind giving us a ride to Shells Town? We have some business there."\
Nami calmly assessed the situation. She knew Shells Town was on the same island as the 153rd Marine Branch. She was planning to go there herself to investigate a lead she had acquired. Perhaps it would be best to take this guy there to appease him long enough to get out of danger. He just single-handedly defeated a notorious pirate crew and trashed their ship. She had taken down one of Alvida's cronies herself, but only because she'd been spotted. She would never attempt something so outrageous and stupid. She wondered if this guy was a pirate, but decided against asking. She simply nodded in response to his request.\
The obvious signs of fear Nami was showing saddened Luffy. Her faith in him had never faltered even a bit after the events of Arlong Park, so this was kind of difficult for him to digest. He didn't want Nami helping him out of fear, but he needed to meet up with his other crewmate as soon as possible. Gaining Nami's complete loyalty was a bitch the first time around, and he didn't blame her, but he wasn't at all deterred. He resolved to turn this fear into a deeply ingrained trust, and not just in him. He owed her that much.\
Keeping the hurt off his face, he flashed her a smile and thanked her. This was his second chance. A new beginning.\

\f2\i Bring it on
\f1\i0 .\
As her ship sailed towards Shells town with the two unexpected passengers, Nami was desperately trying, for the sake of her own safety, not to comment on the stupidity of a person actually trying navigate the sea without a map, compass, or general sense of direction. But as Luffy casually estimated the chances that he would have made it to the island on his own without dying of hunger or thirst and washing up on shore as a corpse (and his estimation was\'a0
\f2\i very
\f1\i0 \'a0low), Nami couldn't contain her sentiments anymore. While Coby was sweating in exasperation, she abruptly turned to him with a scowl on his face.\
"That's not something to laugh about you dumbass!" she screamed. Luffy stopped laughing and looked at her. Nami recoiled and covered her mouth with her hands.\'a0
\f2\i Crap
\f1\i0 , she thought as Luffy stared at her for a few seconds.\
Then the strangest thing happened. A fond smile broke out across his face, and then he chuckled.\
"No, I guess it's not," he said. Nami recovered, confused. Had she completely misread him? So far since they set out he hadn't made any move that could be considered hostile. He had just been chatting amiably with Coby the entire time. The only time the two of them had interacted was for introductions. When asked her name, Nami replied that it was Nojiko. Luffy nodded and accepted this without further question and Nami concluded that he was a bit dense, which was good to know. There was no point giving him any information that he could potentially use to find her, and the chances he'd ever set foot on her home island were slim, so the name she had picked was irrelevant.\
But now she wondered if she had simply misjudged him. Sure, he was unnaturally strong (in fact she was pretty sure she'd seen her do a couple things that were 100% impossible, but it was hard to see from that angle), but strong people didn't necessarily have to abuse their strength, even if most did. She concluded from this that he wasn't a pirate at least, but she still had to be cautious around him.\
Nevertheless, she was now comfortable enough to ask some simple questions. "Um, Luffy?" He turned to her.\
"Hey, what's up?" he replied.\
"Why are you heading to Shells town? What business do you have there?" She wouldn't tell him that she herself was going to steal a map of the grand line of course. That was something he really didn't need to know.\
Luffy smiled brightly at the question. "Oh, I'm meeting up with a friend. Maybe you've heard of him. His name is Zoro."\
Two sets of eyes widened at this new information. "As in\'85?" Coby started to ask but trailed off. Nami recognized the name too. It wasn't exactly common.\
"Roronoa Zoro. He's known as the Pirate Hunter," Luffy confirmed.\
Coby broke into a cold sweat. "He's a friend of yours, Luffy?" Luffy nodded to him. The thought of the Pirate Hunter having friends sounded very farfetched to him. Nami was thinking the same thing, but now she was also wondering if he was a bounty hunter. That would explain his strength, but then why didn't he turn in Alvida's bounty? Was it not high enough for his tastes? Nami started to frown at the raw stupidity of that notion while Coby silently wondered how someone who was aiming to be Pirate King had ever ended up friends with the most infamous bounty hunter in East Blue. That just sounded like a betrayal waiting to happen.\
When they finally arrived on the island, Luffy locked onto Zoro's aura. It was easily the most profound presence on the island, towering above the others like a god amongst men. Was Zoro even trying to suppress it?\'a0
\f2\i Probably not
\f1\i0 , he decided. There were no other Haki users in East Blue, so this was basically a giant fluorescent beacon signaling for Luffy to come find him. He frowned for a second. Were they really the only ones? His thoughts drifted momentarily to Smokey. Luffy was pretty sure his Marine rival had awakened both types of Haki by the time of Marineford even if he couldn't utilize them very well.\
He had done the same even if he didn't realize it, starting with Conqueror's Haki in Sabaody and Amazon Lily, Armament Haki in Impel Down, and finally observation Haki in Marineford. He found it interesting that they manifested in the order of his eventual proficiency with each of them. But he couldn't exactly tell when Haki users had awakened the ability if they had achieved it before him.\
On the way to the bar he listened in on some conversations as he walked down the street, gathering information on recent events, one of which seemed to be the topic of almost every conversation he eavesdropped on. He pretty much knew what happened from the moment he sensed Zoro in a civilian environment rather than the Marine base, but what he heard confirmed his suspicions.\
Zoro had managed, or more accurately, decided, to escape from the marines and raise hell in the base, plowing through unfortunate marine soldiers with his sword sheath and finally knocking an enraged Marine Captain Morgan out cold. The entire town had been stunned by the news. This marked the end of Morgan's reign of tyranny, and it had happened so fast. While the Marines were grateful, they were also slightly disconcerted at the level of strength he had so casually displayed, as if he had just been putting up with their crap the entire time. Luffy knew that in reality he couldn't have escaped from the beginning, but Morgan's fate had been sealed the moment Zoro's mind had been flooded with the memories of his future self. When they asked him what he intended to do while in the town, Zoro had replied that he was waiting for a certain man to arrive, and couldn't leave until then.\
"It seems Zoro caused quite the ruckus here," Luffy said smugly. Coby and Nami had taken to following him silently, and now looked at him with confused expressions. Luffy continued. "Apparently Marine Captain Morgan, who was in charge of the marine base here, was abusing his rank to oppress the townspeople." Coby looked baffled and somewhat angry while Nami just narrowed her eyes, not really surprised. "His idiot son, Helmeppo or something like that, also used his influence to gain special privileges, and when Zoro put him in his place for harassing the townspeople, he threatened to start executing them. Zoro agreed to be locked up for a month in the marine base without food to avoid having civilian deaths on his conscience, but Helmeppo never intended to let him go. When he found out that they were planning on executing him anyway, he escaped and beat the crap out of Captain Morgan. The Marines decided to apprehend Morgan right then and there."\
Coby looked outraged now. Luffy didn't really want to destroy the kid's admiration of the Marines, but the sooner he came to terms with reality, the better. Luffy knew he wouldn't end up following that Absolute Justice crap, but it was better that he understood what kind of organization he would be working for sooner rather than later.\
Nami turned to him with curious eyes. "How do you know all that anyway?" Luffy scratched his head.\
"It's a skill that I've picked up on. I listen to fragments of conversations while walking through crowds to try to gather a full picture of what's going on in the area. It's pretty useful."\
Nami nodded, wondering if she should try to learn how to do that. Coby was impressed. "That's amazing Luffy! Where'd you learn how to do that?"\
Luffy put on a sad smile. "A friend taught me how. A long time ago\'85" Nami and Coby decided not to push for more information after that.\
Luffy sighed. While his proficiency with the skill was naturally much higher with the use of Observation Haki, Robin had it down to an art form. She was capable of flawlessly picking up on information as she walked innocently through the streets without the aid of anything other than her eyes and ears. Luffy was no Enel; he couldn't pick up on conversations from a mile away (an ability that he attributed to the self proclaimed God's Devil Fruit), but gathering information while he walked down the street, while not an ingrained habit like with Robin, was child's play if he just paid attention.\
When they arrived at the bar that the aura was pulsating from, Luffy absently noted that Zoro had sensed his presence as well. His aura was flaring with excitement, even if he'd never show it for the world to see. Luffy walked in, followed closely by his two traveling companions. He stopped behind the bench on which the subject of his search was seated and the bartender, a woman with brown hair and eyes looked at him with a nervous smile. A little girl that Luffy knew as Rika stared at him in wonder from behind the counter.\
"Yo, Zoro," he said casually, with a hint of amusement. The green haired man took a long swig of his sake and then turned around in his seat, his eyes meeting Luffy's. For a while they just stared at each other assessingly, as if sizing each other up. Everyone in the bar had put their conversations on hold and looked on, including Nami and Coby. They watched apprehensively, as if expecting a fight to break out. Finally, two wide grins slowly graced the two men's faces, and the tension seemed to cease as if never there.\
"Ririka, can I get two more rounds over here?" The bartender nodded, looking relieved, and poured two more cups as Luffy sat down. Luffy had begun drinking sake fairly recently, but he had quickly discovered that his tolerance was almost as high as Zoro's.\
"So," he began, "How has\'a0
\f2\i your
\f1\i0 \'a0day been?" It was an innocent question, but Zoro easily caught the meaning behind it.\
"Well," he began, "I woke up tied to a post, and quickly found myself being taunted by some dumbass kid who truly wasn't as stupid as he looked." While others listening in were confused by the odd contradiction, Luffy recognized this as an insult to Helmeppo's looks rather than a compliment to his intelligence, and struggled to reign in his laughter.\
"I had to restrain myself from strangling him with the ropes that he was thoroughly convinced I couldn't escape from." This time, Luffy couldn't contain his laughter. There were some things that Zoro simply couldn't cut unarmed, but ropes were not one of them.\
"Don't worry," Luffy said as his laughter died down, "He'll grow up soon enough." Zoro grunted his acknowledgement of the statement that they both knew was at least partially true. "You didn't cut the Marine base in half did you?" Luffy asked. Zoro scoffed, while Nami and Coby wondered if they had interpreted the ridiculous question correctly. What was with this conversation? Finally, Zoro's gaze fell on Coby, and then it moved on to Nami, where it lingered for a bit. Nami shifted uncomfortably under his scrutinizing gaze.\
"Who are your friends, Luffy?" he finally asked, breaking off the eye contact, much to Nami's relief.\
Luffy nodded at each of them as he introduced them. "The kid with the pink hair is Coby. He wants to become a marine. As for the girl, she doesn't want to tell me her real name."\
He said it as if it was the most trivial thing in the world. Nami on the other hand, had immediately tensed up and her posture became more guarded.\'a0
\f2\i He saw right through me and went with it!\'a0
\f1\i0 She didn't know whether to feel amazed, fearful, or infuriated. Zoro raised a questioning eyebrow at Luffy, but the latter just shrugged. A silent conversation seemed to pass between the two, and Nami felt incredibly out of her depth. They could be plotting her death in great detail right now and she wouldn't even know.\
Luffy spoke up after a while. "Well Zoro, I really only have one piece of advice for you right now." Zoro looked at him curiously, and Luffy grinned. "Don't get stabbed by Buggy." Zoro now glared at him as if willing his own eyes to burn a hole through Luffy's head. Several people in the bar stiffened at the killer glare, but Nami was more focused on the piece of advice itself. She only knew of one person named Buggy\'85\
Luffy just looked back at him with the same amused smile and after a few seconds Zoro looked away and scoffed again. Then he did something their observers would never forget. Pirate Hunter Zoro burst out laughing.\
While Luffy and Zoro drank to their heart's content, Nami quickly excused herself from the bar. Luffy gave a polite goodbye and said they'd meet again, which only served to unnerve her. She made her way out of the bar as Luffy ranted about how he desperately needed some meat and she quickened her steps once she was out. Something about those two just made her want to get as far away as possible. Next stop, Marine base.\
The bartender watched in exasperation as Luffy devoured plate after plate of food. His body was gradually expanding before their eyes, and some had lost their appetites just watching the process. Zoro simply kept eating as if it was completely natural. Luffy finished his last plate of food, and Zoro felt kind of guilty. Ririka had offered him free food until he set out on his journey, and was quite gracious in extending that offer to a broke friend of his, but she obviously couldn't have accounted for Luffy's monster of a stomach.\
Luffy sighed in contentment and stood up, his round physique sagging in response to the action. A few bystanders wondered how this was possible. When Luffy's face scrunched up in concentration and his round physique rebounded into a slim figure, muscles bulging as if the mass had been redirected, they gave up trying to make sense of anything they were seeing. Once again, Zoro acted as if this was normal. "Aaahh, that's better," Luffy said in satisfaction. "I feel like I'm at full strength now!"\
Zoro rolled his eyes. "I don't think we'll be back at full strength for a while, Luffy."\
Luffy nodded. "We'll talk about that later."\
Coby, who had resignedly stopped trying to make sense of anything the two said as well, asked the obvious question. "Um, are you guys staying here for a while? Why did you need to meet up?"\
Luffy glanced at Coby and grinned. "Actually, we're going out to sea. Zoro is gonna be my first crewmate."\
Coby gaped. "You mean...as a pirate?"\
Luffy nodded, seemingly amused. "Yeah, what else?" Coby tried to wrap his mind around the Pirate Hunter becoming a pirate. Mutterings broke out through the bar, and one of them turned to Zoro, confident due to his drunken state.\
"Whoa, whoa! The Pirate Hunter Zoro is going to follow a pirate? Is that true?"\
Zoro, rather than addressing the question directly, turned back to Luffy. "So, when do we set sail, Captain?" They both ignored the increased volume of the mutterings.\
"Just as soon as we get a ship that can take us," Luffy replied cheerfully.\
Zoro facepalmed.\'a0
\f2\i Not this shit again
\f1\i0 . He really should have expected this. Some things never changed.\
"Hey, fellas. If it's a boat you need, I run a business selling small ones. You're welcome to take one. It's the least I can do after what you've done for our town." Zoro turned to the voice and nodded gratefully. "Thanks, that'd be really helpful."\
After that, they finished the last of their booze and said their farewells to Coby. Luffy told him to become a great Marine and always follow his own sense of justice, and he vowed that he would. Luffy and Zoro got their boat from the man who had volunteered his services and led them to his shop at the coast of the island, and without further ado, they set sail for the place they knew to be called Orange Town.\
Getting there, on the other hand, was a different story. Luffy and Zoro marveled at the fact that they were able to get there once before, remembering that they had basically been wandering around aimlessly in search of a navigator, and by some stroke of luck, happened to find Nami. Zoro assured Luffy that Nami would go there and that her presence the first time wasn't completely random. While he was raising hell in the Marine base, he found a memo from Buggy the Clown in a safe that he knew wouldn't escape Nami's notice. They knew where Buggy was, and they didn't doubt that Nami would find him, so logically Orange Town was their next destination. However, they were getting increasingly frustrated by the second in the execution of actually getting there.\
Zoro was holding the map and compass, which should have immediately rung alarm bells in Luffy's head, but he wasn't much better at this, so he was rowing for now. He watched in awe as Zoro confidently pointed in the direction they needed to go. Luffy was impressed for a moment, wondering how on earth he'd done it, before turning skeptical. "Wait a minute. How did you come to that conclusion?"\
Zoro looked at him like he'd grown a second head. "What? It's not that hard. This map says that Orange Town is to the west. That means that we need to go to the left," he said patronizingly.\
"Ah," Luffy said, hitting his palm with his fist as his face lit up in realization at the sound logic. "You're right. Ok, let's go." He picked up the oars and happily started rowing, continuing for about 10 seconds before he face faulted. He quickly got up, placing his arms above his head in the shape of an X. "NOOOOOOO! Wrooooong!"\
Zoro looked at him as if he was sporting three heads now. "What's your problem, Luffy?" he asked, annoyed.\
"Influenced! I was put under the influence! That's not how navigation works at all!" For the way Zoro was looking at him now, he might as well be a fully-grown hydra. He pointed accusingly at Zoro. "You didn't even use the compass!"\
Zoro sighed. "What do you take me for?" he asked in exasperation. "Of course I did." He pointed in the direction that they had been going in. "The compass is pointing that way, so that's the way we need to go. Are you satisfied now?"\
Luffy was stunned. Zoro really had been navigating with a map and compass. Suddenly he wanted to kick himself for doubting his comrade. He flashed Zoro a sheepish smile, and Zoro accepted the unspoken apology without comment. They rowed in silence for 10 more minutes before the extent of the fallacious reasoning hit Luffy with all the force of one his crazy ass grandpa's mountain-crushing fists.\
Luffy and Zoro argued back and forth until they agreed on their best course of action...which basically involved reaching out as far as they could with their Observation Haki. If they found any human auras, then they found an island. Simple enough. As they wandered around aimlessly for a while just to cover more area, Luffy was the first to sense them. They were faint. 3 auras just a little beyond the horizon. Zoro couldn't sense them yet; his Observation Haki was weaker, but as they got closer he confirmed Luffy's findings.\
As the island came into sight, Zoro spoke up. "I still say I had that under control. We just had to keep going left in the end."\
Luffy let his blatant disbelief show on his face, not really caring anymore. "You know Zoro, I've been thinking about this for a while, but if we continuously went left, wouldn't we just be going in a circle?"\
Zoro scoffed. "As if I'd go in a circle trying to go in a straight line. What do you take me for, Luffy?"\
Rather than dignifying this with a response, Luffy instead opted to jump out of the boat, hovering in the air using Geppo as he faced Zoro.\
"Try to keep up," Luffy said, grinning as he knew that Zoro could not perform the technique, having never bothered to learn it. He shot off in the direction of the island as Zoro developed a tic over his eye and started rowing furiously.\
He reached the town pretty quickly, and Sky Walked around a bit, taking in the sights. He was high enough so that civilians weren't likely to take notice. Then again, he knew this island was the one they were searching for by now, and he also knew that there were more than just civilians in town. As if reacting to this revelation, a cannonball came into his peripheral vision. It was aimed right at him. He could have maneuvered out of the way pretty easily, but he quickly came up with a better idea, a devious smirk adorning his face. This seemed familiar, so if his timing was right\'85\
He took the cannonball head-on and got shot down, landing with a crash onto the ground and making a hole in the pavement. Four witnesses stopped running and looked at his unmoving form, one in curiosity, and three in slight sympathy. Captain Buggy must have targeted the guy, whoever he was. Well, never mind that. The three armed men turned to the fourth person, who was by no means armed unless you counted the map in her hand. She prepared to run again when the alleged corpse stood up and dusted itself off, attracting their attention again.\
"Shoot first, ask questions later, huh? I guess I shouldn't expect anything less from that clown," the man who was very much alive said to himself. The girl's eyes widened as she immediately recognized him. Now she really couldn't stay. She had enough troublesome people to deal with at the moment.\
"Boss!" she shouted with feigned glee. The pirates looked from new arrival to her and back to the new arrival. "You're here," she continued. "Great! Mind taking care of these guys for me? I got the map, so I'll head back to the ship." Luffy watched, amused, as she hastily retreated without giving him time to potentially refute her words. Not that he would. Actually, he was planning on hold her to the statement that he was her boss now. He honestly wasn't surprised that Nami had beaten them here despite the fact that they had left first. She had no doubt gone in an actual straight line to get here. Still, this was pretty lucky.\
The pirates quickly rounded on him, completely missing the sharp turn that Nami took as she sprinted behind the houses to their left. "So you're her boss, huh? I guess we can just take you to Captain Buggy, then." Luffy scoffed. "Sorry, I already have an appointment with Big Nose, and I'd rather only make one trip." The pirates looked outraged and slightly fearful at the disrespect the man showed, before falling into unconscious heap on the ground.\
Nami climbed one of the rooftops to get a better view of the fight\'85which was over. The three men had been beaten easily. She smirked. If she could get a monster to fight her battles, why shouldn't she?\
"Hey, you!" she called. He looked up at her and she waved. "Nice job down there! You kicked their asses!" She hesitated, then added, "Mind if I treat you to some food? I have a proposition for you!" Luffy nodded in agreement. Despite knowing what this would lead to, he wasn't about to turn down free food.\
As Nami led her an abandoned house, Luffy frowned in thought. He knew what he could say to get Nami to join them, but he wanted her to follow him out of loyalty and trust, not out of mutual need, and he didn't even entertain the thought of manipulating her. Taking advantage of what he knew about his future crewmates would make him feel like the scum of the earth. No, Nami needed to follow him out of her own free will and he needed to provide her with a place where she belonged. Anything less would make him no different than Arlong.\
So it was with that line of thought that Luffy sat down and resigned himself to the plan that was forming in his mind. It was a reckless plan, but Luffy was a reckless person, and he could hardly imagine that they'd be in any danger even if Nami repeated her exact actions from the previous timeline.\
And so far, she was doing just that. The only difference was that she still hadn't told him her name. She suggested that they work together for a while. She had navigational skills he needed, and he could really throw a punch. When Luffy asked if she would join his crew, she hesitated, and said that she would only join temporarily. Satisfied for now, he mentioned that they were pirates. He didn't miss the hardening of her eyes, but she went on as if the information didn't matter.\
Her proposition was to infiltrate Buggy's base of operations together and split their treasure 60/40. Luffy found it pretty hilarious that she would suggest an uneven split of the profits when she wasn't actually planning on keeping her end of the bargain. He wondered if that was just thrown in to make it more believable. But that was Nami for you. Cunning, opportunistic, and, taking into account that her plan involved both of them getting away, slightly na\'efve. But that would change soon enough.\
Luffy heard her out and agreed to the plan. Nami didn't tie him up with ropes this time. He briefly wondered why, but quickly dismissed it as Nami recognizing that he wasn't as stupid as he made people believe. But while they walked towards the area that Buggy's crew was occupying, a small grin stretched across Luffy's face as he realized that Nami had adapted to this minor detail, and simply planned to betray him when they got there.\
Luffy nearly laughed at the thought of her na\'efvet\'e9 as they continued to walk, but caught himself. Nami wasn't stupid. Far from it. Her true problem was that she was blinded by her preconceptions and common sense. She thought ahead, but she didn't account for all the possibilities like, say, Robin did. Something that she didn't account for could really throw a wrench in her plans, even a trivial detail like her not having the strength to carry that much gold.\
She also didn't account for the fact that Luffy could beat the crap out of Buggy's crew while tied up and blindfolded, but that couldn't really be expected of her. A few pirates took notice of them as they walked into the plaza, and signaled their captain. Buggy showed up and looked at them with no small amount of hostility. This was the bitch that stole their map and that annoying boss of hers. When his henchman had returned and made their report, Buggy had refrained from flaying them alive, deciding to save it for the thieves. They were certainly making this easy, though.\
"What do you flashy bastards want? I hope you're here to return the map you stole!" Nami took on a devious grin as her plan unfolded. In no more than a few seconds, Luffy's hands and torso were tied up with a rope that seemed to come out of nowhere. She really was good at this.\
"That's right! I'm sick of working for this guy. I've come to return the map and join your crew. You can have my boss as a gift," she shouted. Buggy looked thoughtful at this turn of events, and then started laughing. "I guess you're not as stupid as I originally thought! What's your name then?" Nami straightened and gave him the same fake name that she had given Luffy.\
Figures. Pirates soon surrounded Luffy, and he rolled his eyes.\
This was the part where he'd have to show restraint. Luffy wasn't really good with restraint. In fact, when two thugs shoved him in a cage that he easily remembered, he couldn't help but knock them out with a blast of Conqueror's Haki. This could have been a problem had they not been drinking so much, but as it was, the surrounding pirates just laughed, thinking it was simply the effect of the binge. Nami's eyes narrowed, but she dismissed it in favor of scanning the area discretely. She quickly located a key that she was pretty sure was to the cage, the map of the Grand Line which was handed to Buggy after she had surrendered it, and a heavily guarded building that was most likely their treasure vault.\
"All right, everybody! I'm in a flashy good mood right now, so drink to your heart's content in celebration!" The pirates roared in approval at Buggy's announcement, and Nami smirked as she started drinking as well. She would be the only one without a hangover after this, and it would be all too easy for them to get away with the treasure and the map, which she would gladly take for herself before fleeing the island. All according to plan.\
Her confidence faltered, however, as she took note of a dozen pirates shoving a huge cannon into the middle of the plaza. "And now," Buggy shouted, "I think a demonstration of our power and the glory of the Buggy pirate crew is in order." He turned to Nami. "Call it an initiation," he said as she looked on apprehensively. The pirates lit the fuse of the cannon, which was facing the direction of the town, and fired. Nami's eyes widened as the cannon ball blew threw several houses, completely destroying them. She quickly realized why all the houses in the area were abandoned.\
She turned back and realized that they were now pointing the cannon towards the cage Luffy was in. She rounded on Buggy. "Wait! What are you\'97"\
Buggy was grinning widely. "Like I said, call it an initiation. To prove your loyalty, I thought it would only be fair if you got the honor of disposing of that pathetic former boss of yours." Nami's eyes widened further.\

\f2\i Oh, this cannot be happening.
\f1\i0 \
Luffy watched as the pirates loaded the Buggy ball into the cannon and Nami stuttered nervously, trying to convince Buggy that this really wasn't necessary. Buggy handed her a match.\
"Do it," he said simply. Nami broke out into a cold sweat and she turned back to Luffy, who could see she was torn.\
"I wonder, do you have the resolve of a pirate? If not, you'll never get far in this crazy world of ours," he told her.\
Nami's face darkened. "And what's that? The resolve to kill without a second thought?" she spat.\
Luffy shook his head and grinned ferally. "The resolve to put your life on the line." Nami's hands trembled as her options were spelled out for her. She could fire the cannon and survive, proving that she was no better than the common scum that populated the world, or she could face death and stay true to her convictions.\
She was broken out of her thoughts as a pirate grabbed the match from her hands. Her eyes hardened as she found her resolve. She would never be like one of these common murderers. "Come on, don't you know how to light a match? You just\'97"\
He was abruptly interrupted mid-sentence as Nami's staff collided with his face and he was thrown back onto the ground, cursing in pain. The surrounding pirates looked outraged at the act of betrayal, but Buggy just sighed and got his knives out. He was disappointed, but he'd been expecting as much.\
Luffy looked on with interest but decided that he'd seen enough. This was getting dangerous for Nami very quickly. He broke out of the ropes and shoved his foot up through the top of the cage, with disconnected from the bars and landed in a crumpled heap on the ground behind the cage. This caught pretty much everyone's attention, but they quickly lost sight of him as he jumped up into the air and let loose another blast of Conqueror's Haki, this time targeting all of the pirates in the area. Bodies fell to the ground left and right until the only ones left standing were Nami and Buggy. Nami looked around in shock at the phenomenon and at the new development. He could have escaped at any time? What is he playing at? And what did he do just now?\
Meanwhile, Buggy was fuming. He recognized the King's Will when he saw it. How could this nobody thief possibly possess the same power that Captain Roger and uncle Rayleigh had? Even Cabaji had fainted! Regardless, it didn't matter. He was no pushover. He had sailed the New World and witnessed clashes between gods. He wouldn't have survived this long if he had never gained an immunity to the ability. It would take more than that to bring him down.\
"Hey, Luffy! I finally found you, you bastard!" Everyone turned to the new presence that had made itself known, and Luffy laughed.\
"I'm impressed, Zoro! Who knew that you were capable of finding anything?"\
Zoro brushed off the insult and replied, "It was easy. I just went to the noisiest spot on the island, knowing that's where you'd be. Looks like you've caused quite the commotion." He smirked. "You know, I half-expected to find you tied up and in a cage." Luffy glared at him halfheartedly. Was this revenge?\
Nami, although frantic by this point, easily made sense of the comment. Had Zoro been there this whole time? How long had he been shadowing them? She was about to voice the question when a very angry Buggy interrupted them.\
"Don't ignore me, you flashy sons of bitches!" He addressed Zoro. "You! You're Pirate Hunter Zoro, aren't you? What the hell are you doing here? Have you come for my bounty?"\
Zoro looked at him lazily. "Nope, not interested."\
Buggy grinned. "Oh, but you see, I'm interested. After I take you out, I'll be that much more famous," he said, twirling his knives in his hands.\
Zoro sighed. "Fine. Come on then." Luffy chuckled, remembering how this went last time, and Zoro shot him an annoyed look.\
Buggy made his move.\'a0
\f3\i\b "Bara Bara Cannon!"
\f1\i0\b0 \'a0Buggy's hand quite literally flew off of his arm and headed for Zoro. Nami's face was pure comedy. What the hell is going on? She felt incredibly out of her depth again. But that wasn't as surprising as what happened next. Zoro disappeared before her eyes and Buggy let out a pained yell. She looked over at Buggy and saw the blood seeping from the wound in his side, where Zoro had evidently just cut him.\

\f2\i How?
\f1\i0 \'a0The word echoed through Buggy's mind as he lost consciousness.\
Luffy smiled down at the dog in front of him as he crouched down and held out his hand. "Shake," he said. The dog looked up at him assessingly, and then surprisingly, held out his paw. Luffy grabbed it and shook his hand up and down and the dog just looked at him passively as if this was a strange occurrence for him.\
"Hey, you kids!" The group of three turned to the voice, two out of three recognizing him as the mayor of Orange Town. The man stopped in front of them and looked at them curiously. "Do you know what's going on? I saw those blasted pirates destroying the town again with that cursed cannon of theirs. I came to investigate and saw you three running away from their base. You're not hurt are you?" He looked absently at Chouchou. The dog didn't get along with people he didn't know. His behavior was borderline aggressive towards strangers, but he acted civil with this teenager. Strange...\
"Nah," Luffy replied cheerfully. "We kicked their asses." The mayor was taken aback by this statement, and looked at him disbelievingly. These pirates had been terrorizing their town for a while. Luffy, seeing his skepticism, added, "You might wanna call the Marines while they're still unconscious. They'll wake up after a while."\
Nami, who'd been staring at the ground ever since they left the plaza, not wanting to meet Luffy's eyes, looked up at the new arrival. "Are you in charge here?"\
The man nodded. "I'm the mayor. But I hardly deserve the title at this point. I can't even protect my town from pillaging." Luffy thought that this was hardly his job to begin with, but didn't comment.\
"Well, we'll be on our way then," Luffy said. "Remember to mention that the Buggy Pirates are incapacitated when you call them. They'll be much more likely to send a retrieval ship that way." Nami agreed wholeheartedly with the cynical logic.\
The mayor looked at them with interest. "Are you three sailors?"\
Luffy nodded. "Pirates. We just recruited a navigator," he said, pointing at Nami, who looked down again. Luffy frowned. She was acting pretty strange, and he could sense the guilt she was feeling. She had almost forgotten their original objective when they were about to leave, but Luffy had made sure to grab the treasure and the map.\
"I'll have to confirm your story myself," the mayor said after some thought. "If what you say is true, then you have my sincerest thanks." Luffy nodded at him, and the three of them headed out towards the coast where their ships were docked. As they walked, Nami finally looked up at Luffy and spoke,\
"Do you really still want me as your navigator?" He turned to her and nodded eagerly in response to the question. "I tricked you," she reminded him. "I almost got you killed." Luffy thought about telling her that there was no way he ever would have died at the hands of Buggy, or anyone in East Blue for that matter, but decided to be subtler than that.\
"I'm alive, aren't I?" he said. Nami just stared at him, wondering not for the first time how his mind worked.\
"You're not mad?" she asked quietly. Luffy smiled widely.\
"Nah, don't worry about it," he replied. Nami let a small smile grace her lips but still felt guilty. She didn't have the heart to tell him that she couldn't join his crew permanently. She was so close. Sadness welled up inside her. She was really starting to like Luffy despite his affiliation as a pirate, but this couldn't last.\
"I know this is really late, but my name is Nami," she told him.\
Luffy's smile grew wider. "Welcome to the crew, Nami," he responded.\
"Where do you want to go next, then?" If she couldn't stay in the crew, then she'd be damn sure to do her job well while she was here.\
"Our next destination is Syrup Village," he replied. Nami looked thoughtful. She knew where it was. It was a small village on the Gecko Islands southwest of here. What did Luffy plan on doing there? She doubted there was anything of significance.\
They tied their two boats together and set sail. As the island grew more distant, Nami noticed with slight panic that there was only one bag of treasure on the boat. They had separated everything into two. "Um, Luffy? Where's the other bag of gold?" she asked nervously.\
"Ah, I left in on the shore for the townspeople." It took a moment for this statement to register in Nami's mind.\
"You left it? That was worth at least 5 million Belly!" She yelled in frustration. Luffy just nodded.\
"They're not a very wealthy town. They'll need it for repairs. Besides, you said we'd split the profits. I just gave them my share." Nami gave up and her head sagged. She had said that, and she didn't feel very deserving of that extra 10% right about now\'85\
Luffy observed Nami out of the corner of his eye. She was definitely getting more comfortable around the two of them, but she was still slightly disconcerted after everything she'd witnessed them do. Nami was used to using her cunning to manipulate circumstances to her advantage, and she felt way out of her comfort zone when she didn't feel in control of a situation. But that was kind of the point. Luffy wanted her to feel completely at ease around them not because she could control everything, but because she trusted them to watch her back so that she wouldn't have to constantly look over her shoulder. It was still a work in progress.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa281\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 On the way to the next island, Luffy and Zoro quickly got bored. They left the navigation to Nami (not that they could have helped much), and started playing rock-paper-scissors of all things. The dull game was made even blander by Zoro's unyielding belief that rock was the strongest, no matter how many times it lost to paper.\
They eventually passed by a small, uninhabited island, and Luffy suggested they stop there to take a stretch. It was by far the strangest island Nami had ever seen. The animals were all odd hybrids of different land mammals, and a small man stuck in a chest who claimed he was the god of the island confronted them. He had been stranded there ever since his crew left without him after searching the island for treasure. Luffy later found what they'd been looking for, but revealed that there hadn't actually been anything in the chests. Gaimon, as he told them his name was, decided to stay on the island and look after the animals there.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa281\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 After that, it wasn't long before they reached their destination. As the island came into sight, both Luffy and Zoro felt waves of nostalgia upon sensing the familiar presence on the coast. Soon, three other auras joined him. They stretched their arms and legs as they walked onto the shore, and it wasn't long before Nami noticed them. "Hey, we're being watched." They all turned toward their observers, and three of them instantly ran back towards the town.\
"Hey! Don't run away before it even begins!" the fourth one shouted. He nervously turned back to the newcomers and raised a green slingshot. "Stop right there! I am Captain Usopp, the great protector of this village! State your business here, otherwise my 80 million followers will chase you to the ends of Hell!"\
Luffy and Zoro exchanged an amused glance as Nami looked at the eccentric villager with disinterest. "Damn," Luffy said. "He's got over a tenth of the world's population as followers."\
"That is pretty impressive. Maybe we should run," Zoro added. Usopp gulped, doing the math in his head. He hadn't really thought that one through, but it looked like they were buying it. Maybe this would work\'85\
"He's lying," Nami stated in a bored tone.\
"Crap! I've been found out," Usopp exclaimed as Luffy burst out laughing. Usopp swayed back and forth comically as he wondered out loud what he was to do now that he'd been discovered. Nami almost looked guilty for what she'd reduced him to. He quickly recovered though.\
"Don't you dare laugh," he said firmly with his slingshot raised. "I am a man of intense pride! I don't take well to being laughed at! That's why everyone calls me Usopp the Proud!" This was another lie. No one called him that, but they didn't have any proof of that, did they?\
"Hey, calm down," Luffy managed as his laughter subsided. "You're Yasopp's son, right? Let's just talk about things over food. We're not here to pillage or anything."\
Usopp lost his balance and fell off the hill he was standing on, landing face first in the dirt. He got up with an embarrassed expression. "It's true that I'm Yasopp's son\'85but how did you know?"\
Luffy smiled genuinely. "You remind me of him. Even the way you gloat is the same." Usopp's chest swelled up with pride upon hearing this, and he agreed to talk things over as a restaurant town. He even went as far as to offer to treat them.\
Nami noted that the restaurant they were eating at had a sign that simply said "Food." This suggested that it was basically the only restaurant in the area. This really was a small village. As they ate, Luffy told Usopp stories of the boy's father and his incredible marksmanship, and Usopp listened eagerly. His eyes bulged out when Luffy mentioned that he was the sniper for the crew of Red-Haired Shanks. He always knew his father was amazing, but it felt good to hear someone confirm it.\
He soon excused himself from the restaurant, though, saying that he had somewhere to be soon. They continued eating after Usopp left until the three kids from earlier rushed into the restaurant, almost falling over each other. "We're here to defend the village Captain!" one shouted with newfound resolve. He then looked around confused.\
"Where's Captain Usopp?" another demanded, holding up a wooden toy dagger in what he hoped to be a menacing manner.\
"Ah, that was some good meat," Luffy sighed, patting his stomach in satisfaction. The three kids looked at him in horror.\
"What? No way! Don't tell me you ate the Captain!" the third one shouted indignantly. Luffy looked at him in obvious amusement. Nami giggled.\
"About your Captain," Zoro said, catching their attention. He put on his best evil grin. "He was delicious." Once Nami managed to calm them down enough to convince them it was a joke, Luffy asked if they knew why Usopp took off in such a hurry. One of them, who introduced himself as Carrot, replied that he usually went up to the mansion on the hill to recite his farfetched stories to the girl that lived there. They explained that she was always sick and isolated, and that Usopp's lies cheered her up.\
Luffy got up. "All right, let's go then." Carrot looked up at him.\
"We're actually not allowed to go there," he said disappointedly.\
"Captain gets in through a secret entrance," the boy that had introduced himself as Pepper added proudly.\
"All the more reason why we should go," Luffy said casually. Nami wanted to protest the logic, but the three boys cheered and took off in the direction of the hill, led by the boy who had introduced himself as Onion. Luffy laughed and trailed after them while Zoro followed wordlessly. Nami sighed as she was outvoted.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa281\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 A tall gate surrounded the mansion, stretching around the full perimeter. The vegetable trio was wondering if they could find the Captain's way in when something wrapped tightly around the waists of Zoro, Nami, Pepper, Carrot, and Onion.\'a0
\f3\i\b "Gomu Gomu no\'85"
\f1\i0\b0 \'a0Luffy said jovially. The entire group, minus Zoro, looked in shock from Luffy to what was wrapped around them and back to Luffy. It was his arm. It was coiled around them like a snake. His other arm was also stretched out and had grabbed the top of the gate.\
Before anyone could question the absurdity of what was currently happening, Luffy shouted,\'a0
\f3\i\b "Sorry to intrude!"
\f1\i0\b0 \'a0They tried to avoid the inevitable, but were pulled along with him as he launched himself past the gate and high into the air. Luffy just enjoyed the breeze as the rest of them, minus Zoro, screamed their lungs out. Before they landed, Zoro pulled free of his grip, knowing this would only be painful if his landing was dependent on his Captain, who wasn't exactly worried about him dying from a fall like this.\
He landed on his feet and skidded in a long line before finally coming to a stop. Luffy stuck the landing with his knees bent and one arm wrapped around his captive passengers, which were dangling above his head, gasping for breath. He promptly let go of them, his arm snapping back to his side as they fell to the ground in a thud. "Infiltration successful," he said formally.\
"Like hell it was!" Nami shouted, wondering how they were still alive. She was about to ask what the hell he just did, but was trying to find the right words, and the veggie trio beat her to it.\
"That was awesome!" Pepper shouted.\
"Can we do that again!?" Carrot pleaded.\
"How did you do that!?" Onion demanded.\
Luffy addressed them in order as he turned to each of them. "Yes it was. Maybe later. I ate the Gomu Gomu no Mi. I'm a rubber man."\
"Rubber man\'85" Nami repeated helplessly, and her head sagged. Of all the ridiculous things in the world. Zoro looked at her and raised an eyebrow.\
"How could you not know by now?" he asked disbelievingly.\
Nami rounded on him with her fists raised. "I've never seen him do that before!" she said defensively. "I assumed that you were just superhumans or something! The Devil Fruits are supposed to be a legend! Don't tell me you ate one too!"\
"No, not me," Zoro said. "Buggy ate one, though." Nami's eyes widened in realization. Come to think of it, he had shot his hand off of his arm! How had she not questioned that event further? Was hanging around these guys numbing her reactions to things like this? Would she soon be taking it in stride every time her conceptions of reality were skewed? The thought dismayed her.\
"Hey! What the hell are you guys doing here?" Nami turned to the familiar voice. She hadn't noticed Usopp up in the tree until now. He was on a branch level with an open window that a young girl was leaning out of. Nami opened her mouth to respond, but paused. What were they doing here?\
Luffy grinned widely and pointed at Usopp. "We're here to recruit you!" Usopp's eyes widened to epic proportions. Recruit him? Weren't they pirates? Excitement welled up inside him but we quickly composed himself. He pointed to himself confidently.\
"Finally, someone recognizes my talent. Tell you what. Let me be the captain and I'll join you," he said with his arms crossed and a confident smirk on his face.\
"No way!" Luffy shouted, still smiling. This caused Usopp to lose his balance and almost fall out of the tree. "You can be the sniper, though. I'll bet you have really good marksmanship," he added.\
This caught Usopp's attention and he almost forgot about being captain. "You bet I do! You won't find a better sniper in all of East Blue!" They all looked at the bold statement with mixed reactions. Nami was wondering what kind of sniper used a slingshot, Zoro was wondering how he could know that when he'd never left his island, and Luffy was thinking that despite Usopp's nature for blatant lies, his statement might actually be true.\
The girl leaning out the window, who had been silent up until now, spoke up, "Are these friends of yours, Usopp?" Usopp looked at her and waved his hand dismissively.\
"Oh, them? They're just fans of mine. They wanted to join my awesome pirate crew." Nami felt embarrassed for the guy. Did he have no humility? Luffy had just invited him. Come to think of it, he hadn't really given an answer yet, but Luffy seemed complacent as if he had already said yes.\
"Hey, you delinquents! What do you think you're doing?" Everyone, minus Luffy and Zoro, turned to the new voice. It was a tall man with slick black hair and round glasses. He wore a formal suit and tie and walked with rigidity. Usopp and Kaya stilled upon seeing him. He stopped in front of the tree and looked at everyone other than Kaya with distaste. "You are all trespassing on private property. I suggest you leave now."\
"Klahadore! It's OK\'85we were just talking. You don't need to kick them out," Kaya said pleadingly. The caretaker looked at Kaya and shook his head.\
"I cannot allow this, Miss Kaya. Your condition is bad enough without that ruffian's influence. I will not allow him to poison your mind with his ridiculous fabrications." Usopp was trying his best to take the not so subtle insults in stride, but everyone could tell he was having trouble. Kaya looked angry but held her tongue. Nami was confused. Kaya did look pale, but not letting her have visitors wouldn't help at all. If anything, Usopp's visits should aid her mental wellbeing. What she needed was social interaction, not isolation from her peers. Didn't this Klahadore realize that he could very well be making her condition worse by insisting on her seclusion?\
She looked at Luffy and Zoro to see their reactions. They were staring at each other intensely as if they were having a conversation\'85minus the conversation. Nami grew annoyed as Zoro nodded at Luffy and they both turned back to observe the scene before them. How did they do that anyway? How did that even work?\
Usopp, although disgruntled, decided to ignore the insult and try to reason with the caretaker. "Listen, I'm sorry I trespassed, and I don't want any trouble or anything. I just thought Kaya could use the company. She never sees anyone and\'85"\
"And?" Klahadore interrupted. "Do you presume to insinuate that you know what would best aid in Miss Kaya's recovery better than her own caretaker? What could a person of your upbringing possibly know about her needs?" Usopp was really having a hard time composing himself now. Upbringing? What did he mean by that? Kaya was looking at her caretaker in horror.\
Either Klahadore didn't notice that he had offended or didn't care. He continued, "Of course, I suppose I shouldn't set such high standards from the son of a filthy pirate. Breaking and entering must be a second nature to you, but I'm afraid I must ask that you not come back\'85"\
He was forcefully interrupted as Usopp's fist collided with his face. He fell back onto the ground and glared up at him in annoyance. "Don't worry," Usopp said quietly. "I was just leaving." He turned around and stomped out of the compound, the infuriated scowl never leaving his face. Kaya had covered her mouth and was watching him leave with regret.\
The veggie trio shouted insults at Klahadore for good measure before running off after their captain. Luffy motioned for Zoro and Nami to follow him as he too turned to leave. Nami took one sad look at Kaya before following. She felt bad for her, but wasn't really in a position to help in any way. When they got back to the restaurant, Luffy told Zoro and Nami to hang out while he went to look for Usopp. Zoro nodded. Nami wondered what he was planning to say.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa281\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 Luffy found Usopp sitting under a tree at the edge of a cliff. He walked over and sat down next to him. Usopp noticed but didn't look at him. He was lost in his own thoughts. After a while, Luffy spoke, "It's not her fault, you know." Usopp still didn't turn to look at him.\
"No, it's not," he said.\
"And your visits are helping her," Luffy added. Usopp looked up at the clouds and sighed.\
"Yeah, I know," he said. Luffy nodded. That was that, then. They sat in silence for a minute before Luffy nudged Usopp, who looked up at him in question. Luffy put one finger to his lips and then pointed down at the beach. Usopp followed his finger and stiffened as he spotted Klahadore walking towards an eccentrically dressed man with heart shaped sunglasses that he had never seen before.\
Already suspicious, Usopp got down on his stomach and looked over the ledge, and Luffy followed suit. As they listened in on the conversation that was being held below them, Usopp's eyes gradually widened in shock and then narrowed in outrage. Luffy kept a consistent focused glare on his face until the two men below them parted and walked in opposite directions. Usopp waited a few seconds to take in everything he had just heard, and then got up and abruptly started running in the direction of the village. Luffy quickly caught up and grabbed him by the arm, stopping him in his tracks.\
"Let go! I have to warn them!" he shouted now that they were out of earshot.\
"Will they believe you? Can they even help anything if they do?" Luffy asked quietly. Usopp's eyes widened as he realized the obvious answer to both questions. His expression turned troubled and he looked at the ground.\
"Then what can I do? This is the village I grew up in, I can't just abandon them to their fate!" Luffy nodded in acknowledgement and, having been prompted for advice, started brainstorming a plan out loud. Usopp kept a focused expression and nodded every now and then, as well as throwing in his own suggestions. By the time they met up with Zoro and Nami, the veggie trio was nowhere in sight. Luffy and Usopp filled them in on what happened. Nami looked mildly disturbed but kept calm, while Zoro's expression conveyed nothing of his thoughts.\
With the plan decided on, the four started making preparations for the following morning. Usopp walked towards the beach with a stern expression, contemplating what was about to go down. He always lied to the townspeople, claiming that pirates were coming.\
He would ensure that it remained a lie.\
The sun was rising, and Usopp was fidgeting in anticipation of the coming conflict. There were two slopes that led up to the village from opposite ends of the island, and Zoro had suggested that they split into two pairs to cover both sides. Luffy and Usopp covered the coast where they had eavesdropped in on Klahadore (or rather, Captain Kuro, Usopp reminded himself), while Zoro and Nami covered the opposite side. Usopp had asked how they would signal each other when one group engaged the pirates, and Luffy cryptically stated that he and Zoro had it covered.\
As the sun completed its ascension above the horizon, Usopp wondered how much longer they should wait. Suddenly, Luffy's head perked up. "They're here. They're coming from the other side." Usopp's eyes widened.\
"How do you know?" he asked skeptically.\
"Zoro signaled me," Luffy replied. He grabbed Usopp's arm. "Hang on. It's gonna be a rough ride."\
He then used his legs to launch them both high into the air, and started using Geppo to get them to the other side quickly. Zoro had been suppressing his aura enough that Luffy hadn't been able to sense it from across the island, until it had suddenly erupted from his location once again. That was their signal. It was simple yet effective, and no one other than the two of them could interpret it.\
Usopp eyes would have widened comically if they weren't shut tightly in response to the wind rushing at their faces. Ok, this was ridiculous. He had overheard that Luffy had eaten a Devil Fruit and was a rubber man. To his credit, he had only blinked when he heard that. But that didn't explain why Luffy could\'a0
\f2\i fly
\f1\i0 . Was he even human? It was about a 6 km stretch between the two coasts, and he crossed it in less than a minute. Usopp was a good runner, but it would have taken him at least 10 minutes to go that distance.\
Zoro took notice of them as they touched down on the slope leading down to the north shore. Nami spotted them and frowned in curiosity. Zoro had said he was signaling Luffy a minute ago. How did they get here so fast?\
It wasn't long before a large ship with the mark of the Black Cat Pirates pulled onto the shore, and the roar of pirates itching to pillage the village became discernable. They rushed off of the ship and flooded onto the path, running up the hill before stopping when the unexpected sight of their opposition reached their eyes. They looked at each other in confusion, having been told that no one would be expecting them. "Hey, Jango!" one of them shouted back to the ship. "There are a bunch of teenagers in the way! I thought this was supposed to be a surprise attack!"\
Jango looked a little confused as well, but shouted back, "Does it matter? If they're in the way, just kill them! We're in a rush, Captain Kuro told us to meet him by morning!" Before the pirate that had given his report could turn back to address the four of them, he felt a painful sting in his back and fell over onto the ground. The other pirates traced the path of the projectile back to one of the teenagers, who had a small green slingshot raised. They scowled, having been robbed of first blood. Zoro grinned in approval. First to hit wins. Usopp's legs trembled as the pirates charged in on him. He shot a few more pellets out, each of them hitting their target as he backed away. He would lose control of the fight once they got to him.\
Unfortunately his shots weren't lethal, and once the fallen pirates got past their pain, they got up and continued their charge with renewed vigor. They eventually reached him, and blades surrounded him as he rushed to reload another pellet. He wasn't going to make it. He flinched as the swords bore down on him.\
The blades were halted mid-swing, however, and Usopp looked up to see several pirates desperately pushing against a single sword with all their might. Usopp watched his savior with awe as the swordsman held back the blades that he had intercepted with deadly precision without budging an inch. He pushed them off balance with a quick swipe of his weapon and began cutting them down one by one with cold efficiency. Not a single blade reached him. The pirates chose to ignore Usopp for now and swarm the swordsman like wasps. Usopp began to worry as Zoro was surrounded, but he promptly spun around and swung his sword in a circular circumference. The pirates were blown away by the wind produced by the swing, and the rock walls surrounding the path abruptly stopped some of them. But as even the ones who didn't hit the walls failed to get back up, Usopp realized there was more to it. They all had deep gashes where the wind had hit them. Had he just cut them from a distance?\
Usopp watched in fascination, and even Nami looked up from the pirate she was redundantly bludgeoning into the ground with her staff. The pirates stopped charging, now wary of the foe that had already taken down a fourth of their members. They quickly realized that it was suicide to take him on close range. The majority of the pirates cursed their lack of funds as a select few pulled out pistols and started shooting at Zoro. The swordsman almost looked insulted, and Usopp's eyes bulged out as he gracefully deflected their fire. Nami also looked on with an awestruck impression. He wasn't lining his swords up with the gun barrels to block their aim. He was reacting to the projectiles after they were fired. She wouldn't have guessed that such a feat was possible.\
Usopp turned to Luffy with and shouted over the gunshots. "He can deflect gunfire!?"\
Luffy smirked. "Is that what it looks like?" Usopp turned back and his eyes widened further as he saw what Luffy was implying. Zoro wasn't deflecting the bullets. He was cutting them in half.\
The pirates finally ran out of ammo and Zoro grinned mockingly. "You done yet?" They looked at him in fury with a hint of fear, and charged again. The pirate leading the charge leapt at him with a giant hammer, intent on smashing his precious sword. The stone hammer was cut down the middle, the two halves falling off of the stick to which it had been attached. Its wielder backed up in fear, but the pirates behind him were still charging. Zoro raised his blade into a horizontal ready position as if he was about to swat them all away from a distance, when a voice behind made him stop and duck.\
"
\f3\i\b Gomu Gomu no\'85Whip!
\f1\i0\b0 " Luffy's leg blurred from sight and the charging pirates were all swept off their feet and knocked into the solid wall of rock. "Don't hog all the fun, Zoro," Luffy pouted.\
"You could have jumped in at any time," he replied.\
Jango was getting frustrated. Half of their crew had been taken out now. He got out his hypnotic ring and turned towards their remaining forces, which were visibly cowering. "Failure is not an option, you dipshits!" he shouted. "When I say 1, 2, Jango, your cowardice will disappear and you will become stronger. 1\'852\'85Jango!"\
The men's eyes hardened and their muscles bulged. As if they had completely forgotten the slaughter that had just occurred, they let out a battle cry and charged forward with their fists in the air, "Aaaaaauuuugggghhhh!"\
Luffy grinned and threw his fists above his head as he dashed forward, yelling, "Aaaaauuuuggghh!" in mocking imitation. The pirates were not deterred at all under their hypnotic influence. "
\f3\i\b Gomu Gomu no\'85
\f1\i0\b0 " Luffy's fists seemed to multiply for a second before they blurred out of sight, much like his leg earlier. "
\f3\i\b Gatling!
\f1\i0\b0 " The Black Cat Pirates, for all their miraculous mental steroids, dropped like flies as they were mowed down by the invisible assault.\
Jango cringed. If this kept up, Kuro would have their heads. "Sham! Buchi! Come show these fools what happens to those who mess with the Black Cat Pirates!" Two more pirates jumped down from the ship. One was slim and one\'85not so slim. It was clear that both took the cat thing way too far, though. They looked at Zoro fearfully, then turned back to Jango, and fell to their knees groveling.\
"What are you trying to do to us Jango?" the slim one sobbed.\
"They just took down most of our crew! There's no way we can fight those guys," the larger one said miserably.\
"Whatever," Jango replied, pulling out his hypnotic ring again. "When I say 1, 2, Jango, you will both stop groveling and get stronger. 1\'852\'85Jango!"\
The two men's muscles bulged considerably, but their sobbing only intensified. Jango developed a tic over his eye. "Alright, that's enough already! Get your asses in gear before I kick them from here to the Red Line!"\
The two catlike men jumped and ran clumsily in the direction of Luffy and Zoro, arms flailing and tears still trailing down their faces. Jango scowled. That act of theirs was annoying and unnecessary. They were already late.\
Luffy and Zoro looked at each other with raised eyebrows as the two homo felinins made their way over to them. "You don't want to do that," Luffy said in a bored tone.\
"We tend to get less merciful when our enemies don't get the message," Zoro said lazily. Sham and Buchi continued, breaking off from each other to confront the two. Their arms were still flailing randomly as they drew closer. Luffy sighed.\
As they came into range, the doubt disappeared from their faces and their movements became more fluid and purposeful. Nami and Usopp watched in horror as the smirks developed on their faces, contrasting with their false tears. Sham and Buchi lunged forward, claws intent on digging into flesh. These two had severely underestimated them.\
Buchi impaled himself on Zoro's sword and his arms fell toward his sides as he coughed up blood. Sham threw himself into Luffy's outstretched leg and felt his ribcage shatter as the crimson liquid spilled from his lips as well.\
"Oh well," Luffy said.\
"We did warn them," Zoro finished.\
Jango gritted his teeth in anger. Those useless felines had been defeated so easily! "I have no choice now," he spoke under his breath. "I'll have to hypnotize myself and finish this. Captain Kuro will be here soon."\
"Actually," a voice came from behind him, "your captain is already here."\
Jango spun around and almost stumbled as he faced the green-haired swordsman. When had the man gotten behind him? How had he not noticed the man's approach? He jumped back but froze when a familiar voice came from direction of the village.\
"Jango," it said menacingly, "Didn't I tell you all to meet me at the mansion?" Jango didn't dare turn around to face his death, but he could tell that the man was walking closer. Kuro stopped in front of Luffy and a fierce scowl spread across his face. "What the hell is going on!?" he shouted.\
This galvanized Jango back into action. He whipped out his ring and faced Zoro. "When I say 1, 2, Jango, you will fall asleep!"\
Zoro looked at him impassively. "Of course I will," he said as he walked towards him.\
"1\'852\'85Jango!" he yelled triumphantly.\
Zoro lifted up his sword and slashed down Jango's midsection. Blood stained his clothes and he fell back onto the ground. "How\'85?" he managed before slipping under.\
"I closed my eyes," Zoro said blandly. "It's not hard."\
Meanwhile, Kuro was struggling to reign in his temper. He was the only Black Cat Pirate left standing, and he didn't even consider himself a pirate anymore. Useless, the lot of them. If you wanted something done\'85he thought as he adjusted his glasses with his palm so as to not cut himself with the five katana attached to his fingers\'85you did it yourself.\
He was about to make his move when a voice called out to him, "Klahadore!" He turned to face Kaya, who looked like she'd been crying, which made sense. She'd probably woken up and found Merry in a bloody heap on the floor of the mansion. What surprised him was the gun she was pointing at him. "Please leave this village. I'll give you the sum of my wealth, but you can't hurt anyone! You must leave in peace," she said firmly.\
"Kaya! What are you doing here!? Run or he'll kill you!" Usopp shouted.\
Kuro started at her for a few seconds. Then he broke out laughing. Kaya's eyes widened. "Sorry, Miss Kaya, but this isn't just about the money. I had plenty of it back when I was Captain Kuro." His eyes hardened as he relived the memories. "What I couldn't stand was the lifestyle. The Marines constantly attacking my ship. Bounty hunters following me wherever I went. It all got so annoying. What I want is a peaceful life. The villagers trust me. I have a good standing within the village. All I need now\'85" A feral grin broke out across his face as Kaya looked at him in horror, "is for you to die so I can inherit your wealth."\
He walked up to Kaya, who despite what she was hearing, couldn't bring herself to pull the trigger. Images of her time spent with the caretaker replayed in her mind and her hands trembled. Kuro reached her and swiped the gun from them. "And you\'a0
\f2\i will
\f1\i0 \'a0write that will. I don't care what I have to do," he said quietly, reaching for her face with his long claws. Tears welled up in Kaya's eyes. This couldn't be Klahadore. How could it be?\
A shift in the air made Kuro freeze, and he swiftly turned around and blocked an oncoming pellet with his claws, swatting it away. "What a coincidence, Usopp," he said menacingly as he lunged towards the sniper. "I still owe you for that punch you gave me." Usopp got another pellet ready, but Kuro was too close already. He wouldn't make it\'85\
A fist collided with Kuro's face before he got within range. The impact sent him sailing through the air until he collided with the rock wall and fell to the ground. "Now you owe us double," Luffy said with a cocky grin.\
Kuro struggled to get up as he fought off the first signs of a concussion. He glared furiously at Luffy. "A Devil Fruit eater. I wasn't planning on killing anyone myself today, but it looks like there are plenty of volunteers. He bent over and started swaying back and forth. "
\f3\i\b Shakushi,
\f1\i0\b0 " he whispered, before vanishing from sight. At least that's what happened from the point of view of Usopp, Nami, and Kaya. Luffy and Zoro looked on in apathy as he appeared to run around slashing random objects in slow motion. Should they do something\'85? He wasn't even attacking them.\
Kuro was moving at around the speed of a novice Soru user, but he didn't have the reaction speed to keep up with his own movements, and was suffering from severe tunnel vision. Luffy guessed that he was just attacking anything his eyes could perceive. It would work, in theory, against most East Blue enemies. If they couldn't keep track of his movements, they'd eventually be taken down. It would be more effective against a crowd of enemies, though, and Luffy didn't really have the temperament to wait for Kuro to find them.\
So he leapt forward, grabbing Kuro right out of his attack, and threw him. He collapsed on the ground and growled in frustration before picking himself up. "You know," Luffy began. "You suck as a fighter, but as a pirate you fail miserably."\
"Neither of those things bother me," Kuro responded. "I am no longer a pirate, and after this, I will never have to fight again."\
Luffy shook his head. "That's just the thing. You look down at the life of a pirate, but the fact remains that you couldn't handle it. You ran away with your tail between your legs." Kuro's eyes narrowed. He didn't like what this kid was implying. He wanted a life of peace, but a coward he was not. Luffy smiled, knowing he had struck a nerve. "Your will is weak," Luffy continued. "Usopp's ambition is much greater than yours."\
This time Kuro scowled fiercely. "What kind of joke is this? You're comparing me to that pretend pirate?" Luffy shook his head.\
"Did you even hear me? Like I said, you can't compare to him. You're nothing, just a butler with a get rich quick scheme. There's no one in my crew whose ambition doesn't shit all over yours."\
Kuro was really getting frustrated now. "Enough! Just how am I inferior to that play pretend pirate!? Fame? Power? Intellect? Tell me! And don't give me that 'willpower' bullshit! Foolish ambitions will get you nowhere in this world!"\
Luffy's grin grew positively bestial. "Would you like to test that out, then? Let's see who will get farther between you and my crew members." Luffy raised one hand to his straw hat and let loose the most powerful blast of Conqueror's Haki that he had used so far in this timeline. Kuro immediately fell to his hands and knees, his eyes widened to epic proportions. He looked up at Luffy with an infuriated and terrified glare. He gritted his teeth and sweat poured down his face as he tried to fight off the darkness that was claiming him, but after a few seconds he gave in and his head fell to the ground with a thud.\
Zoro felt the pressure from the blast on his psyche, and raised an eyebrow as he brushed off its effects. Why had Luffy even bothered aiming it at him? Had he just decided to bombard the entire area? His eyes widened slightly at the thought, and he turned toward Nami and Usopp. They were both kneeling on the ground, eyes open but unfocused. Beads of sweat trailed down their faces and their jaws were clenched, as if they were fighting off some unknown foe. After about 10 seconds they both recovered, panting for breath, and looking around frantically. Luffy looked a little guilty as he looked back at them proudly. Zoro snuck a glance at Kaya. She had been unaffected, wondering what was going on with everyone. At least Luffy had left her out of it. Zoro didn't think a whiff of the King's Disposition would help her condition.\
Zoro speculated briefly about what Luffy's motive was. The obvious answer was that he wanted to expose them to the effects of the King's Will. Fighting off its effects naturally strengthened one's willpower if done successfully. It was like exercising a muscle. The next time Nami and Usopp encountered a blast of that magnitude they would have a significantly easier time with it. But why so early?\
Zoro was confident that Luffy was the only awakened Conqueror in East Blue. Even in Paradise they were scarce. It wasn't until one sailed the New World that the power became somewhat common and resistance to it became a must. Was Luffy just getting a head start with their crewmates? That was assuming, of course, that Luffy wasn't just trying to prove a point. He'd always had a lot of faith in his comrades.\
"What should we do with the Black Cat pirates? They'll just wreak havoc when they wake up," he said as Luffy walked by.\
"They won't be waking up for a while," Luffy replied. "The Marines will be here before they do." Zoro nodded. If Luffy had aimed his Haki at the entire area, then it wasn't just Kuro that would be out for a while. Nami and Usopp had fully recovered and walked over.\
"What the hell was that just now? I felt like death was looming over me," Nami said shakily. Usopp voiced his agreement.\
"Ah, sorry. That was me," Luffy replied. Nami rounded on him, infuriated.\
"What the hell do you mean it was you!? What the hell did you even do!? And whatever the hell you did, why the hell did you do it to us!?" she yelled with her fist raised.\
"Aw, come on Nami, it was just to prepare you. And it builds character," he said cheerfully.\
"You still haven't told us what it was," Usopp said curiously. Luffy thought for a moment as if having an inner debate with himself.\'a0
\f2\i Eh, what the hell
\f1\i0 , he thought.\
"It's called Conqueror's Haki. One in a million people in the world are born with it. It allows you to forcefully overpower the minds of those with weak wills. Traits like self-confidence and mental discipline help one resist it, but the most important factor is willpower. A person with an unbendable will won't even bat an eye in the face of the most powerful Conqueror. Not doubting. That is true power."\
Nami and Usopp took in the explanation with thoughtful expressions, and then they both nodded. Who knew that such a thing existed? The world truly was vast.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa281\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 That afternoon, after Merry had been bandaged up and briefed on the situation, he and Kaya told Luffy, Zoro, and Nami to meet them on the south shore. When they arrived, Nami's eyes filled with glee. Anchored near the coast was a white caravel that strongly resembled a goat.\
"It's called the Going Merry," Merry said. "It's an older model, but it should be helpful to you. Consider it a thank you gift." Nami agreed wholeheartedly. It was still a relatively small ship, but it was much more spacious than what they'd been using up until now.\
Luffy and Zoro stared at the ship for a little while. Memories flashed through their mind: some happy, some painful, but all meaningful. After a while Luffy just looked at Merry and Kaya. "Thank you," he said quietly.\
Usopp was looking at the ship fondly as Luffy, Zoro, and Nami boarded, but he also looked a bit uncomfortable. He looked from Luffy, to the ship, and back to Luffy. "Um\'85" he began awkwardly. "I was wondering if your offer to join your crew was still was still in effect." Luffy looked at him confusedly.\
"Huh?" was all he said.\
Usopp looked down. "Well, it's OK if it's not. I'm sure we'll meet on the sea someday," he said.\
"What are you talking about?" Luffy asked, confused. "You already joined, remember? Now get on."\
Usopp's eyes widened before a wide grin spread across his face. "I'm\'85I'm the Captain!" he shouted, jumping into the air with his fist raised.\
"Not a chance," Luffy said as Usopp climbed aboard. "But if you want you can be second in command when Zoro's hung over."\
"I don't get hung over!" Zoro sputtered indignantly.\
Luffy smirked. "You might as well. With the way you sleep, there would be no difference."\
Zoro scowled. "Why do people with low tolerances always try to make up for it by talking shit?"\
Luffy's smirk grew wider. "You speak as if those swords don't compensate for anything."\
It took all of a second for that to sink in before the two were full out brawling on the deck of their new ship. It lasted for a full two minutes before Nami and Usopp decided to risk their well being to pull them apart. They had to set sail at some point.\
Kaya watched in melancholy as the Going Merry faded out of sight over the horizon. Usopp was finally making his way out into the vast seas. Her eyes threatened to water as she remembered their conversation from earlier that afternoon. After the conflict, Usopp had pulled her aside in the restaurant. He had explained that he was finally going out to sea today, and wanted to make sure that she would be OK. She had replied with conviction that she would be.\
She was sad that he was leaving, of course, but she could never bring herself to stand in the way of his dream. She had assured him that her condition was getting better. It really was. She felt better than she had in a long time, since her parents had passed away. She remembered first falling ill that day, and being visited by a strange young boy with a long nose, who had started telling her stories of his adventures to a sky island where pure souls went after they passed, and what an amazing and happy place it was. His lies had been ridiculous, but she had listened eagerly to them all the same.\
A year later she would find out that the boy's father had been a pirate who left on a journey to roam the seas. His mother had fallen ill soon afterwards, and the boy had run through the town yelling that pirates were coming, that his father's ship had arrived on the coast, that his father was waiting to see his wife alive and well. Kaya cried more that day than she had since her parents had died.\
How he must have felt, seeing her fall into despair. She had almost lost the will to live like his mother must have. She resolved that day to live on and to overcome her condition so that he wouldn't have to worry, but it was just so hard. Only the boy's frequent visits and eccentric fictions kept her going.\
"
\f2\i Pirates are coming
\f1\i0 !" she heard three juvenile voices shout in the distance. She smiled, still looking out at the horizon even after the ship vanished from her sight.\'a0
\f2\i Good luck, Usopp
\f1\i0 .\'a0
\f2\i You don't have to worry about me. I'll be OK from now on. Just sail on, and live strong.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa281\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 The Going Merry made it's way through calm, cerulean waters as a couple seagulls flocked overhead. Luffy jumped onto his feet from the dock where a dripping paint bucket lay and held up a flag with a poorly drawn pirate flag excitedly. "It's done!"\
His three crewmates stared at the abomination with neutral expressions. Usopp was the first to comment. "What's done? Your prop for a live adaptation of\'a0
\f2\i When Flags Attack
\f1\i0 ?"\
"Are you that artistically challenged? Or is this some kind of abstract art?" Nami asked curiously.\
"You guys are missing the point," Zoro said, shaking his head in disappointment. "A pirate flag is meant to strike fear into the hearts of our enemies. If\'a0
\f2\i I
\f1\i0 \'a0cringe at the sight of it, then it's picture perfect.\
Luffy pouted at his crewmates' reactions. It wasn't as if he hadn't been working on his artistic talent since the first time he'd attempted this. Usopp grabbed the brush from his hand. "Your first draft was\'85terrible, Luffy. But let an old pro show you how it's done."\
With that, he quickly painted a Jolly Roger on another flag. Only it wasn't a Jolly Roger for the Straw Hat Pirates. It had a long nose, a brown hat with a crossed stripe pattern, and a slingshot in place of one of the crossbones. Luffy continued to stare at it as he bonked Usopp over the head.\
"Third draft's the charm," he said as Zoro and Nami laughed out loud. Usopp gave in and drew a perfect Straw Hat Jolly Roger, just the way Luffy remembered it. He cheered. "All right, Usopp! Now the sail!" Once that was painted, Luffy really got psyched. The ship was exactly the same. Zoro wore a small smile as well as he looked up at the finished product. "The pirate ship Going Merry is ready for action!" He picked up his drink from the deck. "A toast to our two new comrades," he said gleefully.\
"Cheers!" they all shouted as they clinked their cups together.\
"So, now that we have our ship, what's next, Luffy?" Nami asked. Luffy thought for a moment and turned his attention to the positions that needed to be filled.\
"Well, we'll need a chef," he began. "As well as a doctor, and eventually, a carpenter. We should also recruit someone once we get into the Grand Line who has practical knowledge and experience from traveling the area." Luffy and Zoro fit this description of course, but Luffy was thinking about Robin. Nami nodded at each suggestion, genuinely impressed. Luffy had really thought this through. "And of course, we'll need a musician at some point. Can't go without that."\
Nami sweatdropped. "Uh, right." Luffy looked at her innocently.\
"What? Pirates love to sing. Right Zoro? Come on buddy, let's get a duet going."\
"Piss off."\
"See?" Luffy concluded, turning back to Nami. Suddenly they heard the sound of cannon fire and turned to see Usopp standing in front of one of their few cannons with a shocked expression on his face. In the distance, they could see the shattered remains of what looked to be a strange rock formation.\
"I hit it," Usopp whispered in shock.\
"Nice, Usopp! You're definitely our crew's sniper from now on!" Luffy stilled, though, as he sensed two auras at the rock formation. One was frantic and desperate, while the other was extremely faint. A relevant memory suddenly came back into Luffy's mind. "Nami, can you take us over to that rock?" Nami looked confused but did as she was asked. Comprehension quickly dawned on Zoro's face and he started to look worried, no doubt sensing the weak state of the second aura.\
As they pulled up next to the rock formation, someone jumped onto their ship. "Damn pirates! First you attack us while we're vulnerable, and now you show up to finish the job! It won't be that easy," he shouted angrily before catching sight of Zoro. "Zoro\'85aniki?" he said with a confused expression.\
Zoro quickly got down to business. "Johnny, what happened to Yosaku?" Johnny's shoulders sagged as he made his account of what had happened. When he got to the part where a cannonball had come and almost killed them, Usopp's jaw dropped and his face took on a blue tint. "I'm very sorry," he said, bowing. Before Johnny could respond, Luffy cut in.\
"Bring him onto our ship. We'll see what we can do for him." Johnny quickly obeyed, his mind filling with hope. He brought the sick man onto the Going Merry carefully, and Nami's face took on a focused expression at the sight of him.\
"Is he gonna be ok, aniki?" Johnny was on the verge of tears. Zoro turned to Nami.\
"Scurvy?" he asked sternly. Nami nodded.\
"Usopp, can you go get some limes from the fridge, squeeze the juice out, and bring it here?" she asked.\
Usopp followed her instructions hastily. He came back with a cup full of juice, and Nami told him to let the man drink it, which he did.\
"He should recover in a few days time," Nami told Johnny, whose eyes widened.\
"Really sis!? He's gonna be ok!?" he asked in relief.\
"Don't call me sis. And yeah, he'll be fine. Just make sure he gets more vitamin C in the future. Yosaku suddenly got up and looked at his hands in awe.\
"I'm\'85alive," he stated in wonder. Johnny really did start crying now.\
"He's better! It's a miracle!" Both men cheered and started dancing around the ship. Luffy and Usopp joined in.\
"You don't get better that quickly, dipshits! Lay your ass back down!" Nami screamed in frustration. Yosaku unwillingly did as he was told, passing out in the process. She signed. "Let this be a lesson to all of us. Things like this can happen on the open sea. We have to be prepared for long journeys."\
Luffy nodded. "I guess our first goal is to get a chef then," he said matter-of-factly.\
"If you're looking for a chef, I know a place around here that sounds promising. Of course, actually getting one to join you is a different story, but you should head to Baratie, the floating sea restaurant."\
"A restaurant at sea?" Usopp asked curiously. There certainly were a lot of strange things in the world.\
"Sounds like fun! Let's go," Luffy said jovially.\
"You should be able to get there in a couple days," Johnny said. But you have to be careful. This place is kind of close to the Grand Line, so there is no shortage of dangerous adversaries." He turned to Zoro. "I heard Hawk-Eye Mihawk was sighted in the area as well." Zoro let a small grin cross his features.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa281\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 Two days later, the excited voices of Johnny and Yosaku echoed across the ship. "Zoro-aniki! Luffy-aniki! Nami-aniki! Usopp! We've arrived!"\
"Why am\'a0
\f2\i I
\f1\i0 \'a0aniki?" Nami grumbled.\
"Why am\'a0
\f2\i I\'a0
\f1\i0 not aniki?" Usopp grumbled.\
"So, what do you think?" Johnny asked once they made their way out. He observed their reactions. Zoro kept a blank face. Nami smiled and let out a low whistle. Usopp looked on in awe. Luffy wore a wide grin.\
"It's a huge fish! So cool! I'm getting psyched," he said enthusiastically.\
"When you guys are done, we've got company," Zoro commented. A Marine ship made pulled up next the Going Merry. Nami, Usopp, and the bounty hunter duo all stiffened as someone walked out onto the deck of the by default enemy ship.\
"Hey, you pirates! I've never seen your flag before. I am Marine Lieutenant Ironfist Fullbody. Who's your captain? Identify yourselves."\
"I am Straw Hat Luffy!" Luffy shouted as he stepped forward.\
"I am Honorable Liar Usopp!" Usopp shouted, stepping up beside him. Luffy shot him an annoyed look, but turned his attention back to Fullbody.\
"Our mark was just made a couple days ago!" he shouted.\
"I was the one who made the mark!" Usopp added. He was about to shout something else, but Zoro walked forward and bonked him over the head, causing him to bite his tongue. Zoro then proceeded to drag him away, telling him to come make himself useful.\
"Well, I'm just here to eat at the restaurant. Consider yourselves lucky. But the next time we meet, consider your lives forfeit," Fullbody shouted. "Come on darling, our food is waiting for us." But as their ship pulled up towards the entrance to the restaurant, Fullbody turned to the Marine on duty and pointed his thumb down. "Their ship is an eyesore. Sink it."\
"Hey, the bastards are firing at us!" Yosaku yelled frantically. Luffy was ready for the cannonball that flew towards their ship and batted it away with his fist. It exploded when it hit the water, but their ship was unharmed. "What the hell did you just do!?" Yosaku asked.\
"I punched it," Luffy said as if it was obvious.\
"You don't just punch a cannonball away! That's not possible, you know!?" Johnny chimed in.\
"Well I just did, so it clearly is," Luffy said sensibly. The enemy Marines, who had been ordered to sink their ship, not just fire at it once, scrambled for the second cannonball that they didn't think they'd need, and fired again. This time, Luffy kicked the cannonball up into the air where it exploded again without leaving a mark on the ship. Yosaku and Johnny watched with awestruck expressions. Could he do this all day?\
Suddenly, the sound of a cannon went off again, but this time the cannonball flew\'a0
\f2\i from
\f1\i0 \'a0the Going Merry. It hit the Marine ship dead-on through the hull and exploded. The larger Marine ship started to sink after one shot. All eyes turned towards Usopp, who looked shocked himself.\

\f2\i OK, this definitely makes up for earlier
\f1\i0 , Luffy decided. As the Marines panicked at the sight of their ship slowly sinking, the Straw Hats entered the restaurant. Zoro wondered what kind of dumbass Marines weren't prepared for an enemy ship to fire back. Idiots\'85\
A waiter with a large build met them at the door. "Hello, you horrid scumbags. My name is Patty, and I'll be seating you." He said it with a practiced voice and a blindingly fake smile, and yet he gave off a tone of sincerity despite himself.\
Once they were seated, Fullbody burst into the restaurant with an outraged expression.\
"Fucking pirates! You think you can get away with sinking my ship!? I'll show you what your audacity just earned you!"\
Luffy looked at him with a raised eyebrow. "You attacked us. We returned fire. What did you expect?" he asked.\
"I expected you to sink and drown like the useless scum you are!" Fullbody screamed irrationally. Behind him, his date flinched at seeing this new side to him. She hadn't expected him to get into a confrontation with pirates when he promised to take her to a nice restaurant.\
"Well, we didn't," Luffy said simply. "Now, piss off. We came here to eat good food and find a chef, not babysit Marines with inferiority complexes."\
Fullbody was stomping over to Luffy with a dark, vengeful scowl when a blond-haired chef with spiraled eyebrows burst through the kitchen doors and made his way over to their table. Luffy and Zoro perked up at this, the bored look completely vanishing from Luffy's face. Painful memories flashed through both of their minds as the chef locked eyes with all of his guests. His gaze lingered on Luffy and Zoro for a second, before he turned to Nami, who his gaze\'a0
\f2\i really
\f1\i0 \'a0lingered on.\
"Welcome to the Baratie," he started formally. "My name is Sanji. What can I get you all?"\
"Food!" Luffy yelled excitedly, his mouth watering.\
"That much is implied," Sanji replied nonchalantly. "You're going to have to be more specific."\
"Meat!" Luffy yelled excitedly, his mouth watering.\
"That's better, but I'm still going to need a little more\'97"\
"Sorry about this, waiter," Fullbody said in a low voice. "But I have some business with these pirates. Come back later."\
Sanji hummed thoughtfully. "Well first of all, I'm a chef, not a waiter. We're a little short handed at the moment you see. Second, we don't allow fighting between guests in the restaurant. You'll have to take it outside." Fullbody looked like he wanted to protest, but controlled his temper and nodded slowly.\
Luffy had other ideas. "No way," he said with a pout. "I can kick his ass later. I came here to eat." Sanji hummed again.\
"Well, I guess that settles that," Sanji said matter-of-factly. "You can beat each other senseless once they're done eating." Fullbody's expression turned murderous.\
"They're not eating\'a0
\f2\i shit
\f1\i0 . As far as I'm concerned they're all going to be starved to death, and I'm not prolonging that by letting them eat something!" He slammed his fist down on their table, fully expecting it to break, but surprisingly, it didn't budge. Luffy had applied an Armament Haki coating to it. He was\'a0
\f2\i not
\f1\i0 \'a0waiting longer just because this asshole felt like breaking their table on a whim. He wondered if Sanji would notice, but he flinched at his future chef's dangerous expression once he looked at him. He almost felt bad for Fullbody now\'85almost.\
"I think someone needs a lesson in table manners," Sanji said in a low tone. Within seconds, Fullbody was reduced to a bleeding unconscious heap, not even expecting Sanji's swift barrage of kicks, much less being able to defend against it.\
"Hey, Sanji!" a voice called out. They all turned to see the large man who had ushered them in. "What do you think you're doing to our customer, you bastard!? How many times do I have to tell you not to beat the crap out of our customers!?"\
"Customer?" Sanji scoffed, still holding the Marine lieutenant up by the neck. "Get your eyes checked, Patty. This guy wasn't even ordering anything. He just barged in here and tried to pick a fight with our other guests."\
Patty blinked at this information, and then said, "OK, then. Do whatever you want with him," before walking away. Sanji dropped Fullbody in front of the woman he had entered with, who was scared out of her wits.\
"Sorry about ruining your date, Miss," he said with a serene smile. "But honestly, I think you can do much better." As the rest of the Marines scrambled to get Fullbody out of the restaurant so they could call for a retrieval ship, Sanji took the Straw Hat group's orders.\
They were interrupted once again, however, as a gunshot pierced the back of one of the Marines, who fell over gasping for breath. A dark-skinned man walked in, sweating profusely and soaking wet as he hobbled over to the nearest table, and sat down. "Bring me some food. Anything will do. This place is a restaurant, right?"\
Patty made his way over and clasped his hands together with the same awkward smile on his face. "Hello, you miserable bastard. I apologize, but I must ask. Do you have any money?"\
The man, who looked like Death had passed over him clumsily, pointed the gun at Patty's head. "Do you accept lead?"\
"So I assume you can't pay," Patty stated before promptly smashing Gin's head to the ground with both arms, along with the table he was sitting at. Gin groaned as his stomach rumbled. This elicited no sympathy from the muscular chef. Sanji watched with a neutral expression as Patty ruthlessly kicked him and then threw him out of the restaurant while the customers cheered him on.\
That was when a blond-haired man with a long mustache and a longer hat walked in. "Hey, Patty! What do you think you're doing, destroying tables? That's coming out of your paycheck."\
Patty gave him an apologetic smile and nodded. "Sorry about that, Owner Zeff. Won't happen again." A little while later, Sanji strolled out of the restaurant with a plate of food in hand, which didn't escape Zeff's notice. He set the plate in front of the grumbling, dying man.\
"Eat up," he said. The man gulped, but looked away from the food.\
"That's even worse. I won't accept charity," he said with difficulty.\
"It's not charity," Sanji replied evenly. "To me, any hungry person who makes their way to this restaurant is a customer. Pride will get you far in this world, but not if you're dead. Wouldn't you like to live to see another day?"\
The man's eyes widened considerably, before he promptly grabbed the plate and dug in greedily. His tear ducts betrayed him, and he started to sob. "I don't know what to say...it's so delicious," he said emotionally in-between bites. "I thought I was gonna die. I really thought I was a goner\'85"\
A wide grin spread out across Sanji's face for the first time since he addressed the woman with Fullbody. This grin was even more profound, though. "It's pretty damn good, right?" Sanji said proudly.\
"Looks like I've found my chef," a voice said from above. Both men turned to see one of the restaurant's customers standing outside the upper floor of the restaurant. It was the one who was really passionate about food, Sanji noted. While this naturally elicited a degree of respect from the chef, he didn't know what to make of the boy yet. "Aren't you lucky?" the boy said to Gin. "He saved your life, huh?" Then he addressed Sanji. "Hey, you. I like your style. Join my pirate crew as our chef. My name is Luffy. I'd be your captain."\
Sanji looked at him with a raised eyebrow. "Huh?" was all he said. This guy was really\'85straightforward. He had nothing against pirates, but he didn't really want to be one either. "Sorry, but I'll have to refuse," he said. Luffy looked at him stubbornly.\
"No!"\
"What."\
"I refuse your refusal!"\
"\'85What?"\
"You're an awesome chef and I like you, so come sail the sea with us," Luffy said as if that was the end of it.\
Sanji grew annoyed. "Hey, do you listen at all?"\
"Sure," Luffy said. "What's your reason?"\
"I don't need to tell you," Sanji said in frustration. "I meant you should accept other people's decisions, you shitty Straw Hat!"\
"Oh come ooooon," Luffy wined, letting the 'shitty Straw Hat' comment slide. "Being a pirate is awesome! The open sea is the best place to chase one's dreams. Don't you have a dream you want to fulfill?\
Sanji thought on that for a moment. "I do," he admitted. "But I'm not ready to pursue it yet. I still have unfinished business here, and I can't leave until I'm done with it."\
"I see\'85" Luffy said, looking down sadly. "I'll give up then."\
"Your hand's not giving up!" Sanji shouted, freaking out as he tried to tug away from Luffy's outstretched arm. "How the hell are you stretching like that!? What kind of human are you?"\
"A rubber man," Luffy said in a downcast tone as he let go. "I ate a Devil Fruit." Sanji seemed to accept this easily enough, and the man, having found his strength again, spoke up.\
"Sorry to interrupt. My name is Gin. If you're a pirate, may I ask what\'a0
\f2\i your
\f1\i0 \'a0dream is?" he said.\
"To be the Pirate King," Luffy answered.\
"One Piece, huh? You're going to the Grand Line, then." Gin said slowly. He hesitated, and then went on, "Let me give you some advice kid. Give up on the Grand Line. You're still young, there's no need to rush it. There are plenty of other amazing places out there on the open sea."\
Luffy frowned. He remembered the story of what happened to Krieg's crew. To put it bluntly, they had had the worst luck. They had run into a very bored Dracule Mihawk on the first week of their journey. The Grand Line was treacherous by East Blue standards. That much was certain. But Mihawk? He wasn't exactly the norm in Paradise.\
Luffy knew that Don Krieg didn't have the mindset needed to get through the first half. He wasn't just reckless. He was extremely overconfident and thought himself invincible. This would most likely lead to him pissing off some relatively powerful Grand Line pirate and getting thrashed despite his superior forces. Luffy shuddered to think what would happen if Krieg ever miraculously made it to Sabaody Archipelago. If his God complex was to crash with those of the Celestial Dragons, and Luffy was sure it would, Krieg would come up short.\
Luffy honestly thought that Gin had what it took to survive Paradise with a little luck once he got some experience behind him, but he'd never make it through with Krieg leading him. He had pledged his allegiance to a lesser man who covered up his weakness with a suit of armor.\
"Thanks for the warning," he said finally. "But my mind is set."\
Gin nodded. "Well, it's not my role to stop you. I just thought I'd give you a heads-up." He hopped into the boat that he had salvaged from the sunken Marine ship and untied it. "Thanks again for the meal, Sanji-san. It really was the best I've ever had. Would you mind if I came back sometime?"\
Sanji's wide smile returned to his face. "Anytime," he said.\
"Hey, Sanji! Get your ass back to work, you little eggplant!" They all turned to see Zeff standing above them. He was eyeing the empty plate in front of Sanji.\
"Well, I guess I'll be seeing you then, Gin," he said meaningfully. Gin looked ashamed.\
"Sorry, Sanji-san," he said with his hand in his hair. "You're gonna get in trouble because I didn't pay."\
"What are you talking about?" Luffy said with a small smile. He flicked a gold coin at Sanji, who caught it gracefully. "You did pay. Now get on out of here."\
Gin nodded gratefully. "Thank you, both of you. I won't forget this." He bowed his head low as his boat sailed away from the floating restaurant.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa281\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 It was 15 minutes later when the Straw Hat group received their meal, all digging in to their heart's content. It was then that Sanji made his way over to their table and started hitting on Nami. "But alas," he sighed as his chivalrous drawl ended, "I fear this is quite the tragedy. Such a large obstacle stands in the way of our love." Nami just looked uncomfortable. How could the guy who had casually beaten a Marine lieutenant unconscious be such a flake so soon afterwards?\
"I'm guessing that obstacle is me," came the voice of the owner and head chef. Sanji's head perked up at the sound. "Actually, this is perfect," Zeff continued. "Why don't you go along with them and be a pirate? We don't need you here after all."\
Sanji's eyes narrowed. "What do you mean you don't need me? I'm the assistant head chef. What are you trying to say exactly?"\
"I'm saying you cause trouble with half of the male guests, hit on most of the female ones, and can't even cook a decent meal to save your life. None of the other chefs want you here either, so why don't you just scram?"\
"So that's how it is, huh? You shitty old geezer," Sanji growled. "I don't care about that other stuff you said, but I won't stand for people insulting my cooking, even if it's you!" he said angrily as he walked up to the old man. "You can bitch at me all you want, but I'm not leaving!" he shouted.\
"Disrespectful little shit!" Zeff roared as he kicked Sanji with his wooden leg, sending him crashing into a table. It occurred to Luffy that everyone in this restaurant seemed to tell other people not to fight or break things before proceeding to do it themselves. "You're a hundred years too young to be standing up to me," Zeff growled, as Sanji wiped the blood off of his forehead. "Like I said, we don't need you here. I don't know why you stay around."\
"If that's how you feel, then fire me," Sanji said simply. They stared at each other a while, neither one of them backing down. Finally, Zeff scoffed and turned away, heading back into the kitchen. Sanji got up and quickly recovered as if nothing had happened. He started where he had left off, pouring Nami a glass of wine.\
Nami, who had grown used to his antics, smiled widely. "This is all so great," she praised. "But to be honest, it's all a little expensive for my budget," she said sadly. She really was opportunistic. Sanji waved her off, telling her that he wouldn't even think of charging her. Then he turned to the rest of their group.\
"You shitheads have to pay," he said bluntly.\
"Yeah, we kind of guessed," Zoro said lazily. Usopp didn't take it so well.\
"You bastard! This is gender discrimination! I'll sue your ass, you love cook!"\
"Yeah, have fun taking this up with the World Government, shitty pirate," Sanji said in an astounding display of logic.\
"Oh, you wanna go?" Usopp challenged. "If you start something, you better be ready to finish it!" He pointed at Sanji. "Get him Zoro!"\
"All you, Usopp," Zoro replied as he continued eating. Usopp's jaw dropped. That was cold.\
"Hey, boys. Please don't fight over me," Nami said with an innocent expression.\
"Yes ma'am! It's just so tempting," Sanji replied.\
"Who the hell is fighting over you!?" Usopp raged.\
Zoro questioned Luffy about the search for their chef. Luffy responded that they should stay there for a while and keep looking, giving Zoro a meaningful look, and Zoro nodded.\
It was two days later when a large, rundown ship bearing the mark of the Krieg pirates was sighted making its way towards the sea restaurant.\
Luffy sat in silence, oblivious to what was happening around him at the moment. He was in deep thought about the conversation he had just had.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa281\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 \cb3 Johnny and Yosaku had grown restless during their stay, and came down to the restaurant to ask why they were staying so long. Luffy told them to relax and wait a bit longer. They conceded and sat down at a nearby table, getting out their bounty posters and discussing bounty heads that were within their reach to pass the time. Luffy watched as Nami caught sight of one of the posters. Arlong's. Her entire body tensed up, and her breathing became heavier. Luffy looked away as she scanned the area, pretending to do his own thing. When she came to the conclusion that no one was watching, she quietly made her way out of the restaurant and headed towards the Going Merry. Luffy followed after her silently.
\f1\i0 \'a0
\f2\i Only Zoro noticed them leave, but he stayed seated.
\f1\i0 \

\f2\i When the restaurant doors closed, Nami took one last look behind her to make sure no one was following. Satisfied, she climbed on board the Going Merry\'85and froze. Luffy was on deck, looking at her with an unreadable expression. When had he\'85? Nami gritted her teeth and looked down, wondering if she should try to explain her actions. Somehow, she really didn't want to lie to him.
\f1\i0 \

\f2\i Luffy saw her discomfort. "It's OK," he said quietly. Nami looked back up at him in surprise.
\f1\i0 \
"
\f2\i What are you\'97"
\f1\i0 \
"
\f2\i Who is it?" he interrupted. She stared at him, not quite comprehending the question. "The one who's hurt you," he elaborated. She stiffened, her posture becoming guarded. This seemed to sadden him. Not a single thing she was doing escaped his notice. His eyes seemed to bore into her, as if he could see right into hers, piercing through any barriers she put up around herself. At that moment, she was an open book under the scrutiny of a scholar. He had seen right through her from the beginning. She hated it.
\f1\i0 \

\f2\i As if sensing her discomfort again, he closed his eyes and sighed. "Luffy...I\'85" she started but stopped. What could she say? That she couldn't be their crewmate anymore? That she was abandoning them here? Her heart ached at the thought of losing this sense of belonging that she hadn't felt since the day her mother had died.
\f1\i0 \
"
\f2\i We can help you," he said, breaking her out of her thoughts. "If you'll just let us." Nami's eyes widened at this, and she shook her head frantically.
\f1\i0 \

\f2\i "I can't\'85" she said, her voice breaking. "I can't get you involved." Luffy looked disappointed at this, but walked up to her slowly. Nami closed her eyes. What did she expect? That he'd just let her steal the ship that they had acquired because she was involved in something she couldn't get out of? Sympathy only extended so far.
\f1\i0 \

\f2\i The last thing she expected was for his arms to wrap around her as he pulled her into a tight hug. She opened her eyes in shock. "It's OK," he said again. "You're free to go where you wish. I can't stop you from leaving, just like you can't stop us from following you." He pulled away. "And we\'a0
\f1\i0 will
\f2\i \'a0follow you," he stated firmly. He started walking away. "If you're going to leave, I'd do it now. It's going to get crowded out here soon." He turned back to look at her. "And Nami, if even for a second you think that this guy is going to hurt you again, just say the word, and I'll introduce him to a new world of pain." With that point made, he jumped off the side of the ship.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa281\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 Luffy was pulled back to the present by fearful screams. He looked around. The customers were backing up in terror as Don Krieg made way through the entrance, being supported by Gin. They were taken aback by the state he was in; he looked as if he was about to keel over, but they were fearful nonetheless. The only ones who weren't visibly cowering were Sanji, Zeff, and the Straw Hats, although Usopp looked pretty shaken.\
"Please\'85" Krieg began, "Could I have some food and water? If you want money\'85I've got plenty." He spoke humbly, panting in-between words, and had a miserable look on his face. People were starting to realize that this man wasn't a threat, and some were whispering to each other in doubt that this was really Don Krieg. Suddenly, the man toppled over, hitting the floor face first. Gin panicked.\
"Please! Give him some food and water! He'll die at this rate!" Patty started laughing hysterically.\
"Oh, this is great! Seeing that scumbag in such as miserable state just warms my heart!"\
Gin turned toward him angrily. "We have money this time! We're paying customers!"\
"Like I care," Patty shrugged. "Hey, contact the Marines," he commanded, pointing to another chef. "This is a good opportunity to get that guy behind bars. Don't even give him a scrap of food." The customers all shouted their agreement.\
"Who knows what he'll do if he gains his strength back?" one chef said. "We can't risk giving him anything."\
Don Krieg bowed his head low to the ground. "I won't try anything. You have my word. Please\'85just give me something. I don't care if it's just scraps. Anything\'85" he groaned. Gin tried to convince him to stop groveling, but he continued. "Anything\'85" he repeated.\
Patty looked like he was having a hard time keeping up his heartless attitude, but stood firm, "Trying to earn sympathy? You won't get any," he said.\
"Out of the way, Patty," a new voice said. Patty was suddenly kicked away from the entrance. "Here, Gin. Give him this," Sanji said, holding up a plate of food and a glass of water.\
"Sanji-san!" Gin exclaimed, taking the food and handing it to his captain. Krieg started eating immediately. One of the chefs, Carne, started shouting his disapproval, saying there was no way he'd just back off after eating. The customers and the rest of the chefs looked terrified. Sanji had turned his attention to Carne, and Luffy noticed the tensing of Krieg's muscles.\
"Hey, Sanji! You might want to pay attention," he called out. Sanji turned back in time to see Krieg swinging his arm out in a lariat, and was able to bring his knee up in front of his neck to block. The blow sent him flying back, but he landed on his feet and regained his balance. Krieg looked slightly annoyed that his surprise attack had failed, and Gin looked horrified.\
"Don! This isn't what you promised! You said you'd leave these guys alone if I brought you here!" Gin let out a yell of pain as his shoulder was gripped tightly in Krieg's hand.\
"Ah, that's better. I feel like my old self again." He looked toward the chefs, who were watching in terror. "Nice ship. I think I'll take it," he said calmly. They looked at him with incredulous expressions, and he continued, "My old one got ruined. I have 100 men who are dying of hunger and thirst. Prepare food for all of them, and then get off my new ship."\
The chefs all shouted at him in response to the outrageous request, saying they refused.\
"Refuse?" repeated Krieg. "Don't misunderstand me. This isn't a request. It's an order. And\'a0
\f2\i no one
\f1\i0 \'a0disobeys my orders," he said with a menacing glare.\
Gin knelt on the ground with a pained look on his face. "I'm sorry, Sanji-san," he said with regret. "I didn't intend for this to happen!"\
Sanji ignored him and started walking toward the kitchen. Patty rounded on him. "Hey! Where do you think you're going!? It's your fault we're in this mess!"\
"I'm going to prepare food for 100 people," Sanji said simply. Gin looked at him in shock. After all this\'85he was still feeding them? The other chefs quickly surrounded Sanji on all sides, pointing guns at him threateningly.\
"Who the hell do you think you are, Sanji? Krieg's double agent?" one asked.\
"You're not taking one step into the kitchen," another said. Sanji just held his arms out in a silent challenge.\
"Then shoot me if you want," he said without hesitation. The chefs all stared at him as if he'd lost his mind. "I don't care if they're not worth saving. My job as a chef is to feed people. If they come to this restaurant in hunger, I'll give them food. I'll worry about what happens afterwards once they're fed."\
The chefs were taken aback by his resolve. All except for Patty, who knocked Sanji to the ground with a blow to the head. "Sanji, I know you feed customers who can't pay," he began, "And I've never had a huge problem with that. But this time, you've gone too far. Your actions are going to cost us this restaurant. I won't let that happen. If you're just going to stand there like an idiot, I'll protect Baratie myself." He pulled the cloth off of the item he was carrying, revealing an odd looking red bazooka. "Hey Krieg, are you finished with your meal? How about some dessert!?" he said as he aimed the bazooka at Krieg and shot. It hit him dead on in the chest, and Krieg was sent hurtling back against the guardrail outside. "That takes care of that," Patty said with finality.\
"You might want to double check that," Zoro suggested, and Patty looked at him as if he was insane before a familiar voice made him reconsider.\
"That was the worst dessert I've ever had," Don Krieg said as he walked through the ruined entrance. His overcoat and cape had been blown off, and what remained was a gold colored suit of steel armor.\
The chefs all got over their shock and charged, intent on taking out the pirate captain who was threatening their way of life. This proved to be a mistake as his battle armor produced a multitude of guns from hidden compartments and started shooting at them. They would have been skewered had it not been for a sudden wind blowing the bullets off course. In front of the chefs stood a single green-haired man with one sword out of three raised, one of their customers. Krieg looked at him in slight surprise. "You're that Pirate Hunter guy," Krieg said in apathy, taking note of his other two swords.\
"I was," Zoro replied. Their conversation was interrupted as Zeff calmly walked in front of Zoro and set down a large white bag.\
"This is food for 100 men," he said. "Bring it to your crew."\
"Owner Zeff!" Patty shouted. "Have you gone crazy!? If his crew recovers as well, they'll take this restaurant for sure!"\
Krieg's eyes widened. "Did you say Zeff?"\
"That's only if they have the guts to take it," Zeff responded evenly. He turned to Krieg. "Isn't that right, Grand Line dropout?" Mutterings broke out throughout the restaurant. Even the king of East Blue couldn't make it through?\
"You're\'85Red Leg Zeff," Krieg muttered in shock.\
"I am," he replied. "Do you have some sort of business with me?"\
Krieg smirked. "Actually, yes. You were able to sail the Grand Line and survive. Rumor has it that you kept a logbook of your travels. Hand it over," Krieg demanded.\
"I refuse," he replied evenly. "That logbook is the pride of my crew. I won't give to the likes of you."\
"Then I'll steal it! I'm not defeated yet," Krieg insisted. "I had the power. I had the forces. I had the ambition. The only thing I lacked going into that sea was information. If I get that logbook, I'll easily be able to conquer the Grand Line!"\
"The only thing you need to conquer is your own ego. It'll get you killed one day." All eyes turned to the new voice. It was another customer, the Straw Hat guy.\
"What was that, punk? Would you like to say that again?" Krieg growled threateningly.\
"I'm not gonna repeat myself just because you're too stupid to understand simple words the first time," Luffy said in a bored tone. The entire restaurant was silent. Did this kid have a death wish?\
Rather than get angry, Krieg just smirked. "You're gonna wish you'd kept your mouth shut just now, you little shit. I'm gonna go feed my men. After that, you'll learn exactly why people fear me." He walked out of the restaurant, the bag of food slung over his shoulder. The restaurant immediately dissolved into chaos.\
"Owner Zeff! Have you gone mad!? Have could you side with Sanji on this?" Patty asked. The chefs all voiced their agreement, accusing Sanji of leading the restaurant to ruin.\
"Silence, you ingrates!" Zeff shouted. "Do any of you even know what it's like to starve? To be cast out on the open sea with no food or water?" He seethed. "The difference between Sanji and you all is that he knows that pain," he said. "If you're not going to do anything but whine, the door's that way," he said, pointing to the back exit.\
But the chefs would have none of that. After only a moment's hesitation, they all raised their weapons and resolved themselves to fight. "Are you all crazy?" Gin shouted. "You've seen how powerful Don Krieg is! You all need to run, now!"\
"Gin," Sanji said as he lit a cigarette. "It may be my job as a cook to feed those who are hungry, but I'm not responsible for what happens to them afterwards. If someone is going to attack this ship, I'll kill them without a second thought, even if it's you."\
They could hear shouts of triumph coming from the galleon outside. That meant that the pirates were back to the land of the living. That wasn't not what caught Luffy's attention, though. "Zoro, we've got company," he said. Zoro, who had sensed it too, was already making his way out the door with a mad grin on his face. Luffy headed out too, motioning for Usopp to follow. He scrambled to his feet, and Johnny and Yosaku followed.\
"What's the big idea Luffy?" Usopp asked curiously. "It's dangerous out he\'97"\
He was cut off when a giant wave swayed the entire restaurant. The chefs started going wild until Zeff told them to raise anchor. Everyone looked to the source of the wave, Krieg's giant galleon. It was separated into two halves by a clean line down the middle, as if bisected by a gigantic knife held by the hand of a god from above.\
Pirates and chefs alike were freaking out at the sight. Even Don Krieg had lost his composure. Usopp looked around frantically, "Hey, where's Merry!?" he asked suddenly. "Did she sink!?"\
"Merry's safe, Usopp. I'll explain later," Luffy responded. His gaze was fixed on the sea, and Usopp followed his gaze and saw what he was staring at. There was a man floating towards them in an eerie looking boat with lit candles on the sides. He was dressed in black and red clothing, and had a huge, black, cross-shaped sword strapped to his back. Luffy and Zoro both gazed at him with focused expressions, although Zoro's gaze suggested that he was downright obsessed over\'a0
\f2\i something
\f1\i0 .\
"Hey, who is that? Do you guys know him?" Usopp asked. Zoro was the one who answered.\
"He's known as Hawk-Eye Mihawk, the world's greatest swordsman." Usopp's jaw went slack.\
"Mihawk?" he repeated. "The Warlord? What the hell is that guy doing here of all places!?"\
The Krieg Pirates voiced the same question, yelling in outrage at the man who had ruined everything for them. "You bastard! What do you want from us!? Why did you follow us here!?"\
Mihawk looked up and any other words they had froze in their throats at the sight of his piercing yellow eyes. "To kill time," he said nonchalantly. This seemed to infuriate them even more, and one brave soul pulled out a pistol and shot directly at him. Time seemed to slow down as Mihawk pulled the sword from his back and deflected the bullets with a tilt of his sword.\
Zoro silently walked up behind them and passed in front of their shaking forms. "You'll never even hit him like that," he commented. "You should have realized that after he thrashed you all in the Grand Line." Mihawk looked over the new arrival with scrutiny. They say a true swordsman can determine a man's worth without ever clashing blades with him. Mihawk fully believed in that statement.\
"One of the 12 Supreme Grade swords,\'a0
\f2\i Yoru
\f1\i0 . It's one of the greatest works of craftsmanship in this world of ours," Zoro stated. "I assume you used it to cut that galleon?"\
Mihawk nodded slowly. "A swordsman without skill is one without strength," he said.\
Zoro unsheathed his own Meito,\'a0
\f2\i Wado Ichimonji
\f1\i0 , and raised it. "Indeed," he replied, before bringing it down and cleaving the galleon in half at an angle perpendicular to the first cut. The waves were less profound this time, but that didn't mean the chefs or the Krieg Pirates, or Usopp, appreciated Zoro's actions.\
Mihawk stared at the man with a calculating glint in his eyes. Cutting a ship of that size was well outside the level of skill expected of an East Blue dweller, or anyone who lived outside of the Grand Line, really. But there were always outliers. What caught Mihawk's attention was the man's aura. It was pulsating. With excitement, with respect, and with\'85nostalgia? Mihawk blinked at the unexpected emotion but filed that away for later. He focused on the fact the man's unsuppressed aura was simply too great for someone he had never seen or heard of before. He radiated power. Him as well as\'85Mihawk's eyes shifted towards an unassuming kid in a straw hat, who was watching the encounter with open interest. The man's aura was not as great...but that was only because he was suppressing it. Heavily.\
He assumed that the two were comrades. He estimated that the kid's aura, if he stopped hiding it for whatever reason, was as great, if not greater, than the man before him. He turned back to the swordsman, who after having given him his few moments of contemplation, spoke up, "You said you're killing time right? How about a swordsman's duel then? I'd be honored."\
Mihawk continued to stare silently, as he was never one to speak unless he had something good to say. It wasn't carelessness or ignorance that prompted this man to challenge him. He knew what he was up against. So, what was it? Finally, he answered, "What's your name kid?"\
"Roronoa Zoro," the man responded.\
"Well, Roronoa Zoro, may I ask what your ambition is?"\
"To be the world's greatest swordsman," he replied with conviction.\
"You ambition is that of a fool," Mihawk stated. "And yet, you do not strike me as one. So I'll ask you. Surely you don't think you can defeat me as you are now?"\
Zoro thought for a moment. "Not really," he admitted. "But what kind of ambition would it be if I didn't take a shot?"\
It was an impressive answer. Mihawk would be the first to admit it. The man acknowledged the high probability of death and chose to pursue his ambition right here and now rather than wait until he was sure he had a good chance. Was it pride? Perhaps. And yet, Mihawk got the feeling that it ran deeper than that.\
"I will grant your request, seeing as you have resolved yourself." He pulled the large sword off of his back again, and stepped out of his boat to face the man. "Whenever you're ready," he said calmly.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa281\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 On the way to a certain island, Nami hung over the rail of the Going Merry, watching the seas. "I wonder if they'll really accept me back as a friend next time," she thought aloud as tears streamed freely down her face. "What do you think, Bell-m\'e8re?"\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa281\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 Everyone watched in fascination as Zoro leapt forward to cross blades once again with a dashing Mihawk. Shockwaves spread through the air as three katana clashed with the larger sword. Not a single blade budged until they broke off and started over again to gain an advantage. It was an amazing fight, most of the audience could tell, but their appreciation was hampered by the fact that for the life of them, they could not even begin to follow the movements of the two. There was only one exception to this, and his eyes constantly flickered from place to place as the battle unfolded at speeds far faster than untrained eyes could perceive.\
Luffy could tell that the terrain, or rather the lack of it, hindered both of them. They were having a grounded battle in the middle of the open sea with only a few footholds. Zeff had ordered the chefs to open the restaurant's fins so that there was more room to fight without destroying the restaurant. The swordsmen seemed like they were itching for some more open space regardless, and Luffy would have worried that they were holding back so as to\'a0
\f2\i not
\f1\i0 \'a0destroy the Baratie, but that was one of the things he admired about high level swordsmen. They didn't cut something unless they wanted to. They controlled their slashes with a grace that one would not expect, only cutting what they intended to cut, and this didn't even require a conscious effort.\
When Mihawk had cut a city-sized iceberg in half at Marineford, Luffy thought he had simply missed him and that the iceberg had been collateral damage. But while training with Rayleigh in the use of Observation Haki, Luffy realized how stupid that assumption had been. Mihawk had been motivating him. He knew Luffy would dodge, just like he knew that Zoro would survive his slash after their fight in that timeline. He wanted to show them just how far they needed to go if they wanted to even stand a chance in the real world. Dracule Mihawk does not simply cut an iceberg in half unintentionally.\
Over the years, Luffy had developed a large amount of respect for the man. He hadn't just inadvertently helped them every now and then, but he had directly trained Zoro in the way of the sword once Zoro had swallowed his pride for the sake of his crew, and later, he had stood with Shanks against the Blackbeard Pirates, flipping off the World Government in the process. Luffy knew his appreciation of Mihawk's actions didn't compare to Zoro's respect for him, but he respected him nonetheless. That, coupled with the fact that it was his first mate's dream to surpass him, made this a very interesting fight for Luffy.\
But Zoro couldn't win, he thought with a frown. He had lost too much power reverting back to his younger body. His speed, strength, endurance, and stamina were all crippled, and even the proficiency of his Armament Haki was halved. It was the same case with Luffy. The only thing that had been left un-handicapped was their Observation Haki, as the ability was pure mental discipline. Luffy continued to watch eagerly as Zoro's breathing became slightly labored.\
"
\f3\i\b Three Sword Style,
\f1\i0\b0 " Zoro muttered as he leapt towards Mihawk. "
\f3\i\b Purgatory Demon Slash!
\f1\i0\b0 " Mihawk intercepted the attack mid-swing, stopping all three blades. Undeterred, Zoro pushed him back with brute force, and Mihawk was forced to leap high into the air, setting him up for Zoro's next assault. "
\f3\i\b Three Sword Style
\f1\i0\b0 ," he said as he leapt into the air after Mihawk. "
\f3\i\b Dragon Twister!
\f1\i0\b0 " The blades were once again forced to a stop by Mihawk, who spun around, creating a small whirlwind with his blade that forcefully separated the two.\
Luffy wondered if Zoro should try Lion's Death Song, but dismissed the thought. The attack's movement was predictable and was best used against slow opponents who were extremely durable and difficult to cut. Mihawk was by no means slow, and Zoro wouldn't be able to cut through his Haki-enhanced Meito anyway. He knew instinctively that a move like that would just give Mihawk first blood.\
Zoro was panting a little more heavily now and decided to attack from a distance now that he had some space. "
\f3\i\b Three Sword Style: 1080 Caliber Phoenix!
\f1\i0\b0 " The projectile was launched at Mihawk, who almost looked surprised. This flying slash was\'85unconventional. It was more of a wind cannon than a wind blade. Mihawk deflected the technique away, putting his full body into the arc of his weapon. The audience watched with awestruck expressions, as this was the first part of the fight they could actually see, as the wind cannon shot out over the sea, leaving a large ripple trail above the water, and disappeared over the horizon.\
"What kind of fight is this?" someone asked. Luffy recognized the voice as Sanji's. Krieg was watching the fight in distress, Johnny and Yosaku were cheering on Zoro, Usopp was trembling in fear as well as excitement (but mostly fear), Zeff was wondering why Pirate Hunter Zoro, if he had this much power to match his ambition, was still in East Blue to begin with, Gin was treasonously wondering if Krieg could really go the distance against opponents like these, and everyone else was just hoping that they didn't get caught up in the fight.\
Mihawk raised his sword as Zoro continued to pant, and brought it down swiftly. Zoro had no choice but to leap out of the way, and Mihawk's enormous wind blade seemed to stretch on for miles as it too went past the horizon before fading back into harmless air. Zoro immediately recovered, but it was clear that his body couldn't keep up with this fight much longer. He wasn't going under without making waves, though. He raised his blades, and Mihawk's eyes slightly widened as his arms, legs, and head seemed to multiply by three, bearing a striking resemblance to a certain deity. All nine swords then blackened to resemble the color of Mihawk's own blade.\
"
\f3\i\b Demon Aura Nine Sword Style: Asura,
\f1\i0\b0 " Zoro said through pants. Mihawk calmly waited for what was coming. Whatever it was, he would observe closely and parry it. Zoro leapt forward one last time, and Mihawk met him halfway in one last dash. "
\f3\i\b Nine Demon Flashes!
\f1\i0\b0 " Zoro yelled as nine blades met one. Shockwaves rocked the Baratie and the surrounding sea. Zoro roared in effort, and Mihawk gritted his teeth as a single bead of sweat slid down his face.\'a0
\f2\i I'm not going down without even putting a scratch on you, not this time!\'a0
\f1\i0 Zoro thought with unyielding determination. Finally, their swords seemed to pass through each other, and they both slid to a stop, back-to-back, mere meters from one another. A few seconds passed as everyone's breath caught in their throats, except for Luffy, who looked on grimly.\
Six of Zoro's blades shattered, and the illusion dissolved before blood flooded out of the wound on his side and he fell to one knee. Mihawk continued to stare in the opposite direction, his back still to Zoro, as if contemplating something. Then they both turned around to meet each other's eyes, and in the process, Mihawk revealed a shallow gash spreading across his cheekbone.\
"Well met, Roronoa Zoro."\
There was silence as Zoro stood up. They both faced each other as Zoro sheathed his Meito, which had survived the clash. "I've lost," he acknowledged. He then held up his arms on both sides, giving Mihawk an opening. Mihawk was taken aback.\
"What?"\
"Wounds on the back are a swordsman's shame," Zoro recited as if it was second nature.\
"Well said!" Mihawk agreed before slashing at Zoro's exposed torso. Blood splattered from the new wound and Zoro fell back. Luffy had been expecting it, and winced all the same.\
"
\f2\i Aniki!
\f1\i0 " Johnny and Yosaku screamed.\
"
\f2\i Zoro
\f1\i0 !" Usopp yelled out worriedly.\
"That fool," Sanji muttered under his breath, which didn't escape Zeff's notice.\
Mihawk's sword was now pointed at Zoro, who was on the ground bleeding. He was deep in thought. This man had resolved himself to die. Would it be disrespectful to let him live?\'a0
\f2\i Not just disrespectful
\f1\i0 , he thought.\'a0
\f2\i Stupid. He has so much potential for someone just starting his journey. I don't doubt that he may very well take my title and possibly my life one day.\'a0
\f1\i0 Oddly enough, Mihawk felt less inclined to kill this man than he would have been had the man not been a threat at all. Why was that, exactly? He would have to think on it later. He placed his sword back on his back just as Luffy arrived, with Johnny and Yosaku scrambling after him.\
Suddenly, Zoro gasped, regaining consciousness momentarily. He looked at Luffy, who silently stared back, and then at Mihawk's sheathed blade. While Luffy and Mihawk could see that it troubled him slightly, he didn't protest. Luffy understood. He was torn between his pride as a swordsman and his loyalty to the crew. But after everything that had happened, he guessed it was an easy decision for him. "Sorry, Captain," he said finally. "I'll get him next time."\
Luffy flashed him a confident grin. "I know you will," he replied, as Johnny and Yosaku rushed to tend to his wounds. Mihawk smirked at their camaraderie. "It is too early for you to die, Roronoa Zoro. Train until the day we meet again, and strive to surpass me." Zoro nodded wordlessly, and Mihawk turned to Luffy. "What is your goal, kid?"\
"Pirate King," Luffy said without hesitation. Mihawk grinned enthusiastically. "Your crew is truly one full of fools," he said. "The greatest men I've ever met are all fools in their own right. Perhaps it's a common trend no matter what the era."\
They were suddenly interrupted by none other than Don Krieg. "If you shitbags are done ignoring me, I have some business with both of you!" He turned towards Mihawk. "I still owe you for destroying my fleet. Payback is going to be painful!" he roared. His subordinates were pleading for him to stop, and even Gin secretly thought he was insane, but he ignored them all and aimed his guns at Mihawk.\
"Then again, some fools are just fools," Mihawk stated. He swung his sword in a circular motion, and a whirlwind came to life around him. When it died down, he was gone. Luffy noted that the boat he had come in had disappeared as well.\'a0
\f2\i Cool. How did he do that?
\f1\i0 \
Krieg looked stunned, but immediately recovered and rounded on Luffy. "I guess I'll have to settle for you, Straw Ha\'97"\
"Read the mood, asshole!" Luffy yelled as a tic developed over his eye. He sent Krieg flying with a kick, suit of armor and all, and the man landed in the sea with a splash. His subordinates watched in horror before he resurfaced.\
"Usopp, Johnny, Yosaku," Luffy addressed the three with authority. "Nami has taken the Going Merry to a place called Cocoyasi Village. Do you know where that is?"\
The bounty hunter duo both widened their eyes and nodded. "That's Arlong's turf," Yosaku commented.\
Luffy nodded. "I want you to follow her there and wait for me. She has something she needs to do there, but I think she's going to need our help." They really wanted to protest going anywhere near Arlong Park, but if Nami was there and needed their help, they could hardly argue. They prepared a ship and, along with Usopp, set sail. Meanwhile, the Krieg Pirates were gathering their wits and finally taking action. Pirates clashed with chefs in a determined struggled, and Patty and Carne seemed to be swaying the outcome until Gin stepped in and knocked out Carne with a blow to the head. Patty stilled. "You!"\
"Well look, isn't this just perfect," Gin said smugly. "You really don't hold back against starving men. I wonder how this will go a second time."\
"Bastard!" Patty shouted before striking out with both fists. Gin easily dodged and his hand fell around Patty's skull. He tightened his grip as Patty struggled to escape from it, groaning in pain. Finally Gin let go, and Patty slumped to the ground, blood oozing from his skull. A tall man in a strange piece of armor consisting of one plate on each side strolled up to them.\
"I see you haven't softened in the time you've been away, Gin," he said. He kicked Patty over onto his back and spotted a cooking knife on his hip. "Oh, nice knife," he said. He tried to take it, but Patty grabbed his hand. He started stomping on Patty's hand but he wouldn't let go, and suddenly a powerful kick met his skull, alarming him.\
"A chef's kitchen knives are his pride," Sanji said nonchalantly. "I won't let you defile them with your filthy hands." The man, who his subordinates identified as Pearl, started freaking out at being harmed and screaming danger. Sanji was about kick him again when a large whip like limb smacked Pearl in the head, knocking him out and toppling him over in that order.\
"Shut up, already," Luffy said unenthusiastically. The Krieg pirates panicked at the sight of Pearl being defeated so easily, and of Luffy's leg stretching out, before Krieg speculated out loud that he must have eaten a Devil Fruit.\
"Why couldn't you just leave, Sanji-san?" Gin said with regret, and all eyes turned to him. "All of this could have been avoided if you just gave up the damn ship!"\
"I already told you, that's not gonna happen," Sanji said, lighting a cigarette. His voice hardened. "This restaurant is that shitty old man's pride and joy. I've already taken too much from him. I won't let him lose this, too."\
Gin still looked regretful as he stared back at Sanji, but his gaze hardened. "Suit yourself then," he said as he lunged at Sanji, spinning around two tonfa with what looked like cannonballs on the tips. Sanji dodged the first downward swing, which left a large hole in the wood when it impacted. He aimed a kick at Gin's neck, but it was blocked by one of the tonfa. He spun around and threw another one, which was blocked by the second tonfa. Forcing Gin on the defensive, he planted his hand onto the ground and brought his leg up. Gin failed to raise the heavy weapons to that height in time and Sanji's kick impacted with his head.\
Without sustaining injuries from Pearl, Sanji was faster and could hit harder. This went on for a while, with Sanji getting in a couple hits as Gin tried to defend. Finally, he spun a tonfa around and allowed one of Sanji's kicks to hit his side without retaliating, and then thrust the tonfa into Sanji's ribs. Both men fell back, coughing up blood, but Sanji recovered faster, sweeping Gin's leg with his foot to hinder his mobility. Gin stumbled, but still lashed out with his tonfa, which Sanji dodged. They then clashed again, Sanji's kick meeting Gin's weapon. Waves of pain ran down Gin's arm, but the stress on Sanji's leg was worse, and Gin recovered first this time, nailing Sanji in the ribs again. Sanji stumbled back and Gin tried to push his advantage, only to be stopped by his injured leg. Sanji noticed and decided to risk it.\
"
\f3\i\b Collier Shoot!
\f1\i0\b0 " he yelled. The kick made contact with Gin's neck and snapped his collarbone. Gin choked and fell over backwards onto the ground, and Sanji nailed him on the head with his heel, ending the fight. He panted heavily and straightened. The pirates backed away from him in fear, not believing that Gin had been defeated.\
Don Krieg grimaced. "That Gin is a disgrace. He's done the one thing he wasn't allowed to do. He's failed me!"\
"You speak as if you're going to fare any better," Luffy said mockingly. Krieg growled, and the surrounding pirates started jeering at Luffy.\
"You stupid punk! Gin may have lost but Don Krieg is the strongest! The Don Krieg pirates are the best in East Blue!"\
Luffy shrugged lazily. "If by that you mean that they have the best numbers, then OK." The pirates fumed at his words, but Krieg kept a calm countenance.\
"You hit me once boy. Consider yourself lucky. It won't happen again." Luffy raised both eyebrows sky high, then leapt towards Krieg. Before he could pull out his spiked cape as he had planned, or even react, Luffy sank his fist into his gut, denting the steel armor considerably. Krieg fell to the ground gasping for breath. The armor had caved in and was crushing his torso, cutting off the air that was trying to flow into his lungs. He tried to suck in air, but to no avail, and only gained a wheezing fit for his efforts. Finally, he groaned out.\
"Take it off. Please\'85" he managed. Luffy was disgusted.\
"That's the great Don Krieg for you," he said with a chuckle. "Glorifying himself one moment, and then groveling at someone's feet the next." He waved his leg in a swift Rankyaku, which cut Krieg's armor in two. The man gasped for breath, letting sweet air fill his lungs, and then glared up at Luffy in fury.\
"I don't suppose you'll leave in shame knowing that you received help from your enemy?" Luffy asked.\
Krieg responded by lunging at Luffy in a reckless rush. Luffy met him with a backhand to the head, feeling the crack of bones in Krieg's face. Krieg fell onto his side, defeated.\
Gin had woken up and watched in shock from where he lay. The Don had been defeated. The impossible had just happened. A small part of his mind that was gradually expanding criticized his na\'efvet\'e9 and chastised him for ever believing that his captain was unbeatable in the first place. Why had he ever believed that when there was an abundance of evidence to prove otherwise? Because he wanted to believe it? Because he\'a0
\f2\i had
\f1\i0 \'a0to believe it?\
The Krieg pirates had slumped in defeat from the moment their captain was knocked out as the chefs all roared in victory. Gin groaned as he got up unsteadily, Sanji watching his every move. He walked over to where Krieg lay and stared down at him. "This is our\'85loss," he said quietly. He picked up Krieg and slung him over his shoulder. "Men, let's get out of here," he said tiredly. "Thanks for everything, Sanji-san."\
"Sure," Sanji said with a wave. "Don't ever come back, you shitty asshole." He turned to Patty and Carne, who had both recovered. "Get him a boat," he ordered. They protested loudly before Sanji yelled at them. They then told him not to order them around so much before fetching the boat obediently.\
Gin turned to Luffy one last time. "Kid, I'll see you in the Grand Line." Luffy nodded happily.\
"I look forward to it!"\
After the Krieg Pirates left, Luffy turned back to Sanji. "Well, I'm heading out soon. Feel like coming with me yet?"\
"You speak as if I'll change my mind at some point," Sanji pointed out.\
Luffy shrugged. "I guess we'll see."\
Sanji hesitated a moment, then turned to him with a wide grin on his face. "Hey, have you ever heard of All Blue?" he asked excitedly. Luffy didn't really want to lie and so he responded that he had. Sanji went on to explain the legend of the chef's paradise anyway, and Luffy listened intently, nodding the whole time.\
That was when Zeff walked up to him and nodded his thanks to Luffy, who just smiled back. "Actually Sanji, this is perfect. You almost just got my restaurant destroyed. Why don't you go along with Straw Hat here so I never have to see your face again?" Zeff asked in lazily.\
"Keep dreaming old man," Sanji said stubbornly. They stared each other down for a full minute before Zeff finally sighed.\'a0
\f2\i To hell with this
\f1\i0 .\
"Sanji, your cooking and pride as a chef are renowned by everyone that calls this restaurant their home, including myself. Not a single day has gone by when I have regretted my decision all those years ago. You have made me proud to call you my assistant head chef, and I want to see you fulfill the dream that I never could. Now get lost, you shitty little eggplant."\
Sanji had stiffened in shock at the words he was hearing, and even Luffy's eyes widened. As if a dam had broken, tears welled up in Sanji's eyes as he fell to his hands and knees. "Zeff!" he shouted as he cried hysterically. "For all you've done for me over the years, I know I owe you a hell of a lot, and I'm going to spend every day from here on out continuing to make you proud!" This was too much for the other chefs, especially Patty and Carne, who all broke down crying as well.\
Sanji stood up, and Luffy burst out laughing. "Man, that was great! I'll never forget that. So, what do you think? Wanna come along now?"\
"Shut up, you rubber bastard!" Sanji yelled halfheartedly as he wiped the tears from his eyes. "Let's go already!"\
"You and I both have foolish dreams, Sanji. I can't wait to see how this plays out," Luffy said mirthfully. As they got yet another boat ready, the cooks shouted out their goodbyes to Sanji.\
"You son of a bitch!" Patty yelled in between hiccups.\
"We're gonna miss you!" Carne yelled in between sobs.\
"I'll see you around, you shitty bastards!" Sanji shouted. Zeff couldn't help himself, and his eyes teared up as well as their small boat sailed out to sea.\
"So, Captain, mind telling me where we're going?" Sanji asked when it started to seem like they were wandering.\
"We're heading to a place called Cocoyasi Village. It's Nami's hometown," he replied. Sanji's face lit up at the mention of the orange-haired girl, but Luffy's voice turned serious and he found himself straightening.\
"Her hometown was taken over by the Arlong Pirates 8 years ago," he continued. "They're an all fishman pirate crew whose strength is said to be unrivalled in East Blue."\
Sanji pondered this for a moment. "Wasn't the same supposedly true of the Krieg Pirates?"\
Luffy smiled grimly. "These guys would kick their collective asses any day of the week. But you're right not to believe everything you hear." Luffy paused. "Sanji, I told you they were an all fishman pirate crew, but there is one exception. Nami is involved with them."\
Sanji's eyes widened and he was about to question this when Luffy continued, "Her motives are complicated. But let's think about it for a moment. The same pirates that she's supposedly involved with are holding her hometown hostage. Can you think of anything?"\
No one ever accused Sanji of being slow on the uptake. "So the question is, what do they want from her? And whatever it is, why has it taken 8 years to resolve?" he said slowly.\
Luffy nodded. "The only way to find out is to go there. The only problem being\'85" Sanji looked at him curiously as he trailed off, before looking up to the sky. "I have absolutely no idea how to navigate us there."\
Sanji lit a cigarette slowly, and after blowing out the smoke, he spoke. "The fuck is wrong with you?" he asked with a blank face. Luffy turned to him.\
"Well, I'm just lucky I have you right now," he said. He pulled out a map from his pocket. "The island is to the northwest of Baratie. Do you think you can figure it out?" Sanji nodded.\
"I'm a chef of the sea. It's a must to have fundamental navigational skills," he said as he looked towards the setting sun. Luffy wasn't all that surprised. He knew Sanji had been born in North Blue, and had made his way to the East at some point. They had recruited him shortly before going to the Grand Line, where fundamental navigational skills would get you nowhere. So it was no surprise that he had never gotten a chance to show his knowledge in the area.\
"I'm counting on you, then," he said. "And so is Nami, even if she doesn't know it yet."\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa281\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 "There it is! The Going Merry," Yosaku said, handing the binoculars to Usopp. Usopp looked through them and he saw the problem.\
"It's surrounded by fishmen," he said with a hint of fear in his voice. Zoro had already explained about the fishmen after he had somewhat recovered on the way there, as well as his theories as to why Nami was involved with Arlong. The subject was still shrouded in mystery, but they were determined to ask Nami themselves.\
"This is bad," Johnny said. "How are we going to dock the ship? The coast is being heavily guarded by those fishmen."\
"It's fine," Zoro said. "I'll cut them. Let's go." The three other occupants of the ship immediately protested.\
"Are you kidding!?" Usopp asked frantically. "Those are fishmen! You said it yourself, each of them is 10 times stronger than the average human!"\
"He's right, aniki! You're wounds still haven't healed. What do you plan on doing?" Johnny asked.\
"Like I said, I'll just cut them," Zoro repeated. He started to bring them closer to the coast. Usopp, Johnny, and Yosaku all took one look at each other before nodding. Suddenly, they produced 3 hammers seemingly out of nowhere, and each whacked Zoro upside the head.\
Zoro's head sagged from the impact. He stood there for a moment with his head facing the deck and shadows covering his eyes. Rather than falling over, he turned towards them, and the frightening look on his face sent chills through their flesh and into their very blood. Suddenly remembering how he had been captured in his own timeline, he spoke.\
"You guys sure are gutsy today," he said in a low, eerie voice.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa281\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 "The hell is that?" Sanji asked nonchalantly, staring up at the strange sea king. "A cow?" He turned to Luffy, who seemed to have stars in his eyes. No really, his eyes had turned into what looked like stars. Sanji rubbed his own eyes before looking back and seeing Luffy's focused expression. He decided he was just a little tired. Luffy called out to the cow.\
"Hey, cowfish! We need to get to Arlong Park. Give us a ride!" he commanded. Sanji was really starting to wonder what kind of dipshit of a captain he had decided to follow, when suddenly the cow leaned forward, offering his head to Luffy, who patted him with a chuckle. Luffy then tied a rope around his horns, and the cow pulled them forward at a greater speed than they had been going, seemingly knowing which way to go.\

\f2\i I'm not gonna ask. I'm not gonna ask. I'm not gonna ask. I'm not gonna\'85shit, I'm gonna ask, aren't I?
\f1\i0 \
"What the hell is happening!?" Sanji shouted at the top of his lungs, causing Luffy to burst out in hysterical laughter.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa281\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 Usopp, Johnny, and Yosaku screamed in terror as they ran for their lives from a very vindictive Zoro, with Usopp in the lead. Several fishmen had stopped and taken notice, but were either too shocked to act or too slow to keep up. Eventually the fishmen that were chasing them lost sight of them, panting heavily and wondering who the hell they were. Whatever, they'd have to report this to Arlong.\
Usopp and the bounty hunter duo eventually caught sight of a blue-haired woman, who yelled for them to stop. Panting heavily, they did. Zoro wouldn't kick their asses too hard\'85hopefully. The woman asked who they were and what on earth they thought they were doing, but was cut off when a fishman showed up and caught sight of them. Usopp screamed but got his slingshot out and stood in front of the bounty hunter duo. "Run, you guys! The brave and honorable Usopp will hold him off!" he said as his legs trembled.\
"Stop!" the woman yelled. "You can't harm the fishmen, no matter what!"\
That was when Zoro caught up to them. He grinned ferally at his three prey, and walked up to them slowly.\
"Zo-Zo-Zoro wait!" Usopp stuttered. "Fishman!" Surprisingly, this caught Zoro's attention. He turned to the fishman and his gaze turned focused as he remembered why they were here.\
"Stand back," he said, putting one hand on the hilt of his sword. "I'll cut him."\
"I\'a0
\f2\i said
\f1\i0 , don't fight the fishmen!" the blue-haired woman yelled as she whacked Zoro over the head with a hammer. His head was tilted forward for a long while as he stood there, motionless. Eventually, he turned back toward all four of them, and Nojiko felt a chill creep down her spine at the sight of that insane look she was faced with. Usopp and the bounty hunter duo had frozen in place, wondering what they were in for.\
"You're all being pretty gutsy today with your fuckin' hammers," he said in a low voice. "Do I look like a mole do you people? Huuh!?"\
"Hey, you damn humans! Stop ignoring me and identify yourselves! This is Arlong Park, where fishmen reign supreme, so if you don't want to be taken to Arlong, I suggest you\'97"\
"Beat it, you fish-faced fucker!" Zoro yelled as he spun around and backfisted the fishman in the jaw, sending him crashing into a house to their left.\
There was silence as Nojiko wondered who the hell this guy was. Johnny and Yosaku started clapping slowly, before Zoro glared at them and they stopped. "If you're all done pulling hammers out of your asses, we can go find Nami now," he said in irritation.\
"Nami?" Nojiko asked in confusion. "What business do you have with her?" Zoro looked at her.\
"She's our navigator," he said simply. This only confused Nojiko more before she remembered that Nami had a tendency to infiltrate pirate crews and earn their trust before robbing them penniless.\
"If that's the case, then I fear you all have been tricked. I suggest you give up on Nami being in your crew any longer," she replied. Zoro looked at her with a piercing gaze and, never one to shit around, got right to the point.\
"Arlong Park falls today," he said before walking away, leaving Nojiko speechless. All she wanted to do was scream at the guy, ask him who the hell he thought he was, and hit him in the head with a hammer a few more times. Was he trying to make every sacrifice they had made for the last 10 years be in vain? She gritted her teeth. His three friends looked back at her for a moment before falling into step behind him silently. She cursed under her breath and followed after them.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa281\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 Genzo grunted as Arlong lifted him off the ground by the scruff of the neck. "Possession of weapons is a clear sign of rebellious intent," Arlong said with a toothy grin. "I can't just let this slide, now, can I? I'll just have to kill you as an example of what happens to rebels."\
"Stop this, Arlong! We won't stand by and let you do this!" a civilian shouted. Shouts of agreement broke out through the crowd of citizens from Cocoyasi Village. Genzo silenced them, however, saying that if they rebelled now, everything would have been in vain. They struggled to accept this, realizing that his intention was to martyr himself now. Arlong laughed at their indecisiveness before bringing Genzo up above his head and preparing to slam him head first into the concrete in order to end his life. Shouts echoed throughout the plaza, and Genzo closed his eyes.\
"
\f3\i\b Certain Death! Exploding Star!
\f1\i0\b0 !" A concussive force stopped Arlong mid swing, and Genzo slipped from his grip, relatively unharmed. Everyone looked in shock at the new arrival. The kid trembled as he stood on the roof of a small house, holding up a green slingshot. Suddenly, a green-haired, sword-wielding man walked into the plaza, flanked by two other men who also carried swords. The villagers' eyes widened. What was this? A goddamn revolutionary army? They were going to ruin everything!\
"Gen-san!" a new voice yelled. They all turned to see Nojiko running over to Genzo with concern written all over her face. She had come with these strangers. Who were they, exactly?\
"Sorry, Luffy, I know you probably wanted this one to yourself," Zoro spoke in a low voice as he walked into the middle of the plaza and stopped in front of Arlong. "But I'm ending this. Now." Arlong roared in anger at the sheer audacity.\
"You dare attack me, you pathetic humans!? Even though your entire race is inferior, you dare to challenge me!?" Arlong stomped over to him angrily.\
All Zoro thought of was the memory of Nami's desperation, an emotion that he never wanted to see on a single comrade's face ever again, as he raised his sword.\
He never completed his swing. A large object shot down in front of him, impacting with the ground and leaving a large crater. He recognized said object immediately. In his anger, he hadn't sensed him before. "Luffy! What are you\'97?"\
He never completed his sentence, either. Luffy grabbed him by his arm and jumped before beginning his Geppo, grabbing Johnny, Yosaku, and Usopp on the way, and flew right out of the village at speeds that would have made his spectators stare in shock if they weren't doing so already.\
A few moments passed, as Arlong stood motionless in the center of the plaza. One of his henchmen finally gathered up the courage to speak with him. "Arlong-san, are you\'97"\
"Find those humans," he said simply. "All of them. I want to rip their flesh open myself." He walked right out of the village, all thoughts of petty rebels and examples forgotten.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa281\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 Nami was waiting impatiently in front of the water at Arlong Park when Kuroobi finally showed up. "It's about time," she said in an annoyed tone. "What's going on here? Where is Arlong?"\
Kuroobi studied her for a moment, and then responded. "Arlong is on a hunt right now. A few humans managed to upset him, and he's determined to find them." Nami stiffened. Who had been stupid enough to challenge him after all this time\'85?\
"Who was it?" she asked quietly.\
"A kid with a straw hat, another with a long nose, and a green-haired man that we believe to be Pirate Hunter Zoro."\
Nami felt her heart contract in fear. They were here? How? How could they have followed her? She had gotten out before anyone would be able to know where she was going.\'a0
\f2\i We\'a0
\f1\i0 will
\f2\i \'a0follow you.
\f1\i0 \'a0The words echoed in her mind and she felt like puking.\'a0
\f2\i Those idiots
\f1\i0 .\
Kuroobi studied her reaction carefully. She hid it well, but she was clearly uncomfortable. He concluded that she knew these people. Had they just been more of her victims? Or was something else going on here? His eyes narrowed in thought. Suddenly there was a ripple in the water, and Arlong shot out of the sea and landed next to Nami. Kuroobi turned to him.\
"Any luck?" he asked gently. Arlong shook his head, seething. Whoever these guys were, they had managed to get away quickly. Kuroobi came closer and started whispering in his ear, and his eyes narrowed.\
"Nami," he said. She turned to him. "Just so you know, we're looking for three humans. One with a straw hat, one with a long nose, and one with green hair and three swords strapped to his hip. He watched as her posture showed obvious signs of stress.\
"Yeah, Kuroobi told me," she said, more weakly than she would have liked.\
"Is there something you'd like to tell us Nami?" he asked. Nami turned to him again and scoffed.\
"They're just pirates that I stole from. I'm upset that they managed to follow me here," Nami replied.\
"Yes, that is pretty surprising," Kuroobi said. "Of course, an easy explanation for that is that you led them here." Nami glared at him.\
"You think that after all this time I'd try something? When I'm so close?" she asked.\
Kuroobi's eyes narrowed dangerously, but Arlong just laughed. "You're right. Sorry I doubted you. Nevertheless, I'll have to find these pieces of trash and put them out of their misery soon." He turned and walked away, and Kuroobi looked at Nami one more time before following.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa281\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 Luffy, Zoro, Sanji, Usopp, Johnny, and Yosaku were currently hiding out in a ghost town where all the houses were either destroyed or flipped over onto their sides.\
"That was terrifying," Johnny said after a while. "I thought we were gonna die." Yosaku nodded his agreement. Usopp was surprisingly silent. Sanji was smoking a cigarette, deep in thought. Once they had arrived, Luffy had told him to stay put and then shot off running through the sky as if it was the most natural thing in the world. He had come back with everyone accounted for...except for Nami. Sanji turned to Luffy.\
"So what's our next move, Captain?" he asked. He knew this was a delicate situation. They couldn't act rashly, but he wanted to know what they bastards were doing to Nami to make her stay with their crew.\
Luffy thought about the question carefully. Should he explain everything now?\
"Luffy, can I talk to you privately for a minute?" Luffy turned to Zoro and sighed before nodding. He knew this was coming. He told everyone to stay put and they walked out of earshot. Zoro made sure no one else was in the area before speaking. "What the fuck are you doing?" he growled.\
Luffy raised an eyebrow at him, but Zoro continued, undeterred. "Don't give me that look," he said. "I had him. He was right there in front of me. I could have ended this. You stopped me. Explain, now." Luffy met his eyes evenly, not showing any signs of regret. Zoro knew this wasn't a simple matter of, 'Arlong's mine, take care of the squid guy.' Luffy wouldn't prolong Nami's suffering for a stupid reason like that. But there had to be a reason.\
"What do you think would happen if you took down Arlong right now?" Luffy asked. Zoro gave him a confused look.\
"What could possibly go wrong if we took him down?" he asked in curiosity.\
"Simple. We'd be going against Nami's wishes. Her plan right now is to fulfill her promise with Arlong and buy back her village from him. But you already know that," Luffy said. Zoro grew frustrated.\
"Yeah, a promise that he's going to break! You know this as well as I do, Luffy. He bullshitted his way out of their arrangement! Are you going to make Nami go through that again?"\
"Do I have a choice? Nami is convinced that he'll uphold his end of the deal."\
"All the more reason why we should take out Arlong now," Zoro concluded, calming down. He couldn't see where Luffy was going with this.\
"And then what?" Luffy asked, scanning the area to make sure no one was listening again. "Will Nami be satisfied with that? Right now, she doesn't want us to get involved," he said. Zoro blinked, starting to understand what he was getting at. "The only reason Nami asked for our help last time was that the villagers were rushing to their deaths. She was desperate. Right now, she has a plan. It doesn't matter how strong we are. It doesn't matter if we can beat Arlong. It doesn't matter if we know what will happen. If we take him out now, in Nami's mind, we'll just be endangering the lives of her loved ones for the sake of our own vengeance. She'll never forgive us for that."\
Zoro was silent for a long while. He knew Luffy was right. He hadn't been thinking ahead.\
"It hurts to watch," he said finally.\
"I know it does," Luffy replied. "But we have to endure it. If we falter, who can they rely on?" Luffy asked, paraphrasing the words that Zoro had told him so long ago. He turned and walked away. Zoro was lost in contemplation for a moment before he followed behind him.\
When they arrived back in the ruined town, the sight of Nojiko talking with the other two Straw Hats and the bounty hunter duo greeted them. She noticed them and spoke up, "Hello. I was just about to talk to your friends here. There are a few things you should know about my sister Nami. Would you like to sit down and listen?"\
Luffy nodded. He hadn't listened to Nami's past the first time on the grounds that he didn't need to know her past in order to help her, as he could see her suffering either way. But now, he wanted to know the full story. "How did you find us?" he asked.\
"Due to its destroyed state, Gosa Village is the only place on the island that Arlong doesn't keep tabs on. So, if I were to give you any credit, this is where you'd be." Luffy nodded; it made sense. So they listened to the story of Nami's childhood, of a person named Bell-m\'e8re, and of the arrival of the Arlong Pirates 8 years ago. Through it all, the only person who kept a straight face was Zoro. By the end, Johnny and Yosaku were looking down in shame, Usopp was trembling in anger, and Sanji was screaming bloody murder. He was intent on challenging the Arlong Pirates right then and there, only to be hit over the head by Nojiko.\
"You're all missing the point. I came here to tell you that what you've been doing could mean the death of our village. Nami is so close. She's worked so hard these past 8 years, and she's suffered alone. Can you imagine the pain that a 10-year-old girl must have endured to come to that decision?" Everyone was silent at this. "If you do anything to anger Arlong on the grounds that you are helping Nami, everything will be ruined. I'd imagine he's already suspicious of her. So I came to tell you not to do anything stupid," she said firmly.\
Suddenly, Luffy stood up. His head was turned to the ground, and his hat shadowed his eyes. He started walking away without saying a word. "Where are you going?" Nojiko asked worriedly.\
"Don't worry. I'm just going for a walk." Zoro watched him leave. Luffy had been absolutely livid in the previous timeline, and he hadn't even heard the full story. Hearing it now when he was already restraining himself from splaying Arlong's blood over the walls of Arlong Park couldn't be easy. He sighed. Zoro hadn't been planning on killing Arlong. Maybe just crippling him for life. It was always morality, not na\'efvet\'e9, that caused Luffy to refrain from killing his enemies, but sometimes he wondered what it would take to push his captain over the edge.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa281\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 When Luffy said he was going for a walk, he meant it. He walked from the ruins of Gosa Village all the way to Cocoyasi Village without even realizing it, until finally a familiar scarred face broke him out of his thoughts. Genzo.\
"What exactly do you want from Nami?" he asked hesitantly as he led a group of Marine soldiers into the village.\
"It's just Marine business. I'm not at liberty to discuss it," the Marine captain answered with a smirk. They arrived at a tangerine grove where they found Nami, who had a wary look on her face as they walked up to her.\
"Are you the outlaw named Nami?" the Marine captain asked, knowing full well that she was.\
"Outlaw?" she asked. "I guess you can say that. I am an Arlong Pirate, after all." Her jaw seemed to clench as she said that.\
"Pirate?" he asked in feigned confusion. "Well, I didn't know anything about that. I'm here to address the issue of your thievery."\
Nami narrowed her eyes at him. "Thievery? I don't see how that's an issue at all. I only steal from pirates."\
"True," he conceded. "But that doesn't change the fact that the money has original owners. My job is to confiscate it and return it all to them." At these words, Nami's expression turned menacing. There was no way they could possibly figure out who the individual owners of everything she stole were. They just wanted to keep it for themselves. This was why she hated the Marines. Corruption was so common among them.\
"Do you really think you can walk away with my money just like that? Arlong won't forgive you if you make a move against one of his officers." She almost choked on the words. She\'a0
\f2\i hated
\f1\i0 \'a0using Arlong's name as leverage, but if they confiscated her money now, it would ruin everything.\
"The Marines do not acknowledge pirates as authoritative figures, so I'm afraid your point is irrelevant," he replied readily. It was only a minute later that Nami realized the hypocrisy of that statement. The Marines had started searching the premises, and that was the last straw for Nami.\
"What kind of Marines are you!?" she screamed. "8 years! Arlong has had this village enslaved for 8 years, and you haven't done jack shit about it! Now when you finally show up, it's to confiscate the money of one petty little thief!?"\
"The Marines also do not take advice on how to do their jobs from petty little thieves," the Marine captain replied with practiced ease.\
"Sir! These tangerine groves look suspicious," one Marine reported.\
"Well, don't just stand there. Dig it up," he ordered. The Marine began to comply before he was knocked over by Nami's staff, which struck him in the face smoothly. "Don't touch Bell-m\'e8re's grove with your filthy hands!" she seethed. "I won't let you take any of it! That money is\'97"\
"That money is the salvation of this village! What right do you have to lay a finger on it, fucking Marine!?" Genzo shouted at the top of his lungs.\
Nami froze. "Gen-san...how did you know?" she whispered.\
"We've always known, Nami," he said quietly. "We only feigned ignorance so that our hopes wouldn't pull you back into this if you ever wanted to leave." He looked her dead in the eyes. "But you never did. You've struggled and suffered for our sakes all this time. You endured. For that reason alone, we've endured as well." Nami choked on a sob.\
"Oh, so you're saying you're all accomplices, then?" Captain Nezumi asked. He was taunting them now.\
"We're saying that we've had to fight by ourselves all this time because you Marines can't do your jobs!" a new voice shouted.\
"Nojiko\'85" Nami was having trouble keeping her composure.\
"If you didn't come here to arrest Arlong, then you all better get off this island!" she continued. "Arlong will sink your ship if you don't!"\
"I wonder about that," Nezumi responded lazily. Nami's blood froze. "Hey! Haven't you found it yet? I'm not asking you to find a needle in a haystack! This is 100 million Belly we're talking about!"\
Genzo and Nojiko both wore the same horrified expression. "You\'85how did you know it was that much?" Genzo asked quietly.\
Nezumi scratched his head, noticing his slip-up. "Oh, that? I just had a hunch that it was in that ballpark," he said with a devious smirk.\
Nami trembled with rage. This\'85this transcended corruption. She couldn't even think of words to describe this. She slowly made her way towards the Marine, oblivious of everything else that was happening, as Nezumi ordered his men to make sure they didn't interfere with the search again. She didn't notice the resigned yet resolved look that manifested in Genzo's eyes. She didn't notice as Nojiko scrambled up behind her to hold her back. She didn't notice the pistol that one Marine pulled from his holster and aimed at Nojiko.\
The gunshot never went off, though. Genzo and Nojiko, as well as the villagers that were starting to gather around, watched in shock as every single Marine fell over onto the ground, unconscious. "What?" was all Nojiko could say. She had just realized the danger they were in when one Marine aimed a gun at them when they collapsed. "What on earth just happened?" Muttering broke out between the villagers.\
A small part of Nami's mind was reminding her that she knew exactly what had just happened, but she ignored it in favor of running in the direction of Arlong Park.
\f2\i \'a0Arlong
\f1\i0 . She knew what his game was. He knew how close she had been. Even though these Marines had failed,\'a0
\f2\i something
\f1\i0 \'a0would happen to her money before she returned from her next trip, and there was nothing she could do about it.\'a0
\f2\i Arlong!
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa281\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 She reached the gates and stomped towards him in a frigid rage. "Arlong!"\
"Oh, it's our navigator! What can I help you with, Nami?" he asked, despite knowing full well why she was there.\
"What did you do!? You said you wouldn't break our promise, no matter how long I took! And yet you send Marines to confiscate my money!?"\
"Break my promise?" he asked in a bored tone. "When did I break my promise?"\
"Don't bullshit me! Those Marines you sent are unconscious in the ground of our village right now! You can't deny it!"\
Arlong looked a little surprised at this information.\'a0
\f2\i Useless Marines\'85no matter. It's not as if I don't know where she keeps it. It won't be here when she comes back next time.
\f1\i0 \
"Oh,\'a0
\f2\i those
\f1\i0 \'a0Marines. Yeah, I sent them," he stated casually. "So, tell me. When exactly did I break our promise?" he asked with a dark look. Tears started to form in Nami's eyes and he laughed maniacally. "It certainly would be unfortunate if anything happened to all that money," he continued. "But you know what our agreement is. Unless you hand me a total sum of 100 million Belly, I have no obligation to set your village free." He continued laughing as Nami ran out Arlong Park, tears trailing down her face.\

\f2\i I have to stop them.
\f1\i0 \'a0As angry as she was, there was only one thing she could do. By now, Genzo would have informed the entire village of what happened. She couldn't let them throw their lives away now, after everything they'd endured.\
She arrived back in Cocoyasi Village and sighed in relief. Genzo was still rallying the villagers. She hadn't missed them. At the sight of the cheap swords and pitchforks in their hands, Nami wanted to puke. What were they trying to accomplish?\
She forced a smile onto her face as she tried to convince them to wait a little longer, that it would be easier to collect the money this time around, but they would have none of it. They were getting ready to leave when she pulled out a knife in desperation. "I won't let you go! You'll just be throwing your lives away!" she screamed as she faced Genzo.\
"We know," he said simply. Nami choked as he reached out and grabbed the edge of her knife with his hand, and the tears escaped her again as blood poured down his fingers. "Leave this island, Nami," he said, before walking past her. She fell to her knees as they all did the same. She was defeated. Completely and utterly defeated. Everything she had worked for was about to be thrown away. She took one look at the tattoo on her arm before gripping it with her other hand, wanting nothing more than to rip the abomination off of her skin. She grabbed the knife as her desperation made way for anger and prepared to stab the horrid mark, willing it to disappear.\
"
\f2\i Arlong!
\f1\i0 " she shouted through tears as she started to thrust the knife towards her shoulder. A firm hand stopped her and pulled the knife away, and she looked over her shoulder. Luffy.\
"What do you want?" she whispered. He was silent. She hadn't seen him since Baratie, and seeing him again now just increased the pain tenfold. There was no way he wouldn't act, she knew instinctively. Did she have to lose him too? Would he just be another one of her failures, lured here by his irrational loyalty to her, only to die? Was that her fate? To watch those around her throw their lives away for her sake?\
"What do you want?" she repeated, louder this time. "You know nothing. You have no idea what this village has been through all this time!"\
Luffy didn't correct her as he banished the thoughts of the people of a certain town being burnt alive like trash that were flickering through his mind. "Whether I know or not is irrelevant," he said. "Because I can see you suffering right in front of me either way."\
"
\f2\i Go away!
\f1\i0 " she screeched as she broke down into sobs again. Luffy felt the weight of the world on him. He knew that preventing this would have had its own consequences, but that didn't make it any easier. It truly was a heavy burden. Did he have the right to make decisions like this simply because he knew what would happen afterwards? He had prolonged Nami's suffering in order to gain her approval to crush Arlong. Was it worth it? Should he have let Zoro cut him down from the beginning, even if it meant Nami would scorn them?\
He tried to imagine his crew without Nami in it. He couldn't. Was he being selfish? It wasn't just for the benefit of the entire crew that Nami would come with them. Her dream was to draw a world map. Eventually, that dream would draw her to places that had never been catalogued before. The chances of Nami making it through the Grand Line\'a0
\f2\i alone
\f1\i0 \'a0were extremely slim, even if she got stronger than she ever had in the previous timeline. In addition to that, the thought of Nami traveling the seas alone any longer made his chest\'a0
\f2\i ache
\f1\i0 .\
"Luffy\'85" she whispered as she finally looked up at him. "Help me\'85"\
Luffy had come back to change things. And yet, there were some things he wouldn't do any differently even if he came back a thousand times. He took off his hat and placed it firmly over her head. His arms tensed as he walked in front of her, itching to get a crack at something. He stopped, raised his head, and shouted to the heavens.\
"
\f3\i\b Damn straight!
\f1\i0\b0 "\
Zoro, Sanji, Usopp, Johnny and Yosaku were waiting for him nearby. "Let's go," he said as they walked by, and they all looked up.\
"Right."\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa281\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 Genzo led the villagers to the front of the gates, which were shut tightly. "Arlong!" he shouted. "We know you're in there! Open the gates and face us!" The shouts of the villagers mimicked his demands, and after a few seconds, the gates started to open, inviting them in. They could see Arlong's amused grin as they walked in, and this only served to infuriate them more.\
"Well, if it isn't my loyal citizens. What can I help you with?" he asked mockingly.\
"You know why we're here, you fish bastard. We've come to kill you," Genzo said scathingly. Arlong was not pleased by this comment. If it was one thing that grated on his nerves, it was humans insulting the superiority of the fishman race. He got up from his throne like chair and walked closer to Genzo, who raised the sword that he was carrying. Before he could use it, though, Arlong was in front of him faster than he could react, holding him up by his throat.\
"You know, this is actually perfect. I was never able to carry out your execution, rebel," he said with a dark smirk. He lifted Genzo higher and started choking the life out of him, and Genzo dropped his sword helplessly. The rest of the villagers were cut off in their approach by dozens of fishmen. "I guess this is it, then, human scum."\
Before he could rip the man's throat out as he planned on doing, a large projectile shot through the gates of Arlong Park. Arlong could just perceive the shape of a man as it flew right towards him before a hand was gripping his arm and slowly crushing it. Arlong screamed in pain as he dropped Genzo, who fell to the ground in a fit of coughs as he clutched his throat. Arlong's assailant spun around, pulling his large body into a circular path in the process, before launching him through the first floor of Arlong Park. He crashed through several walls before he finally came to a stop.\
The villagers looked at their village leader's savior in a mix between shock and wonder. When Genzo had somewhat recovered, he looked up and his eyes widened. "You're that kid. The one with the straw hat." He would never forget his appearance, with or without the hat. He had been the first in so long to stand up to Arlong. Him and his group of friends. This was the second time they had saved his life. He should have been extremely grateful, but he hardly even valued his own life at this point.\
The hostile fishmen all rounded on Luffy, dozens of them running at him. Two more men stopped them. One had blond hair and wore a black button-down suit and tie. The other was the swordsman who had challenged Arlong in Cocoyasi Village. The two men started ruthlessly beating down the fishmen until finally two of Arlong's officers, Hachi and Kuroobi, confronted them. A few of the weaker fishmen were still standing, but Johnny and Yosaku were keeping them busy.\
Sanji took a look at his opponent and hummed before looking to Zoro. "Which one do you want then?" he asked casually. Zoro turned to him.\
"Actually, you can take both if you want," he said.\
Sanji stared at him, thinking that it really didn't seem like his style to sit back and watch. "Your injury\'85" he finally said.\
"Hurts like a bitch," Zoro finished. "But that doesn't matter. I just want to see what our newest recruit can do."\
Sanji grinned. "Well, don't get too comfortable. This'll be over quick."\
Suddenly, there was a crash in the building Luffy sent Arlong into. The shark fishman walked out slowly. He clutched his arm awkwardly, the scowl on his face even angrier than the bruise on his arm. He walked up to Luffy.\
"That's quite the grip you have there, human. I hope you're prepared for the consequences of what you've just done."\
"I'm always prepared for the consequences," Luffy answered evenly. "Except when there are none." Arlong's scowl deepened and he lunged at Luffy faster than the villagers could see. Luffy started dodging attacks one by one as they came at him in quick successions. Punches, kicks, and chomps all threatened him in a furious combo, but nothing hit him. Arlong was quickly growing frustrated. He tried to grab Luffy, but was sent flying back into Arlong Park with a kick. Their spectators watched in amazement. They could barely keep up with this fight. The only ones who could were Zoro and Sanji, but Sanji was being kept busy to say the least.\
Another of Arlong's officers, Chew, spat a series of water bullets at Luffy, which he effortlessly dodged. He was about to run at the rubber man before he was hit with an Exploding Star and turned to face Usopp in annoyance. Usopp ran, and Chew followed behind him, stopping to look at the villagers, who stiffened in fear, before getting hit by another Exploding Star. He growled in pain and continued the chase.\'a0
\f2\i There's too much water here
\f1\i0 , Usopp thought frantically.\'a0
\f2\i I have to lead him somewhere else. He'll run out eventually if there's no water source.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa281\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 Sanji dodged two swipes from Hachi's swords and blocked a punch from Kuroobi with his knee, flipping backwards and landing before jumping forward and roundhouse kicking Kuroobi. Kuroobi blocked the kick but was pushed back and landed on his back. Sanji tried to press the advantage and land a drop kick, but Hachi intercepted him, forcing him to dodge the swipes of his six spinning swords. Kuroobi got up and charged at him again.\
Sanji narrowly avoided the blow and dropped under Kuroobi's arm, kicking up at his face. The force of the kick sent him sailing upwards, and Sanji pushed off the ground to land another kick to his head from above. He hit the ground face-first, but before Sanji could land, Hachi's six swords were bearing down on him. He did a flip in mid air to position himself so that he could avoid most of them, but one connected, opening a small wound on his torso.\
He landed as Hachi swiped again, but Sanji weaved between his swords and planted his foot into the octopus fishman's gut. Hachi was thrown back, gasping for air, but before Sanji could take another shot at him, Kuroobi was back in the fight. Sanji jumped above the punch he threw and twisted in midair in order to land a kick to the side of his head. His wound from before opened a bit in the process, and he winced. Hachi was still recovering and Sanji took the time to catch himself in a handstand and unleash a barrage of kicks on Kuroobi, who guarded with his arms but still took blows to his legs and stomach. He started leading Sanji away from Hachi, going on the defensive and dodging his kicks until they both got close to the water.\
Sanji realized the danger he was in as Kuroobi grabbed him by the arm and tried to hurl them both in, but Sanji crushed his hand with his knee, and Kuroobi was forced to let go, cursing in pain. Sanji landed on the edge where the land ceased and quickly jumped back over, making a mental note not to get anywhere close to the water. Kuroobi stayed in the water and waited him out, not wanting to give up his advantage, which was fine with him.\
Suddenly he cursed as he had forgotten about Hachi, who tried to impale him from behind, only for Sanji to drop to all fours on instinct and then pushed himself into the air before Hachi brought his swords down. He did a backflip in midair and kicked Hachi's head to the concrete with both legs. Hachi dropped his swords once his head made contact and Sanji landed, turning around and kicking him again with one leg to send him crashing into a wall. He took a minute to catch his breath before Kuroobi shot out of the water, realizing that his plan had backfired once he had left Hachi alone.\
Sanji got ready to dodge Kuroobi's next punch, but he stumbled as his gradually opening wound protested the movement, and the attack hit him dead on where the sword swipe had injured him earlier. Sanji held in a groan of pain as he flew through the wall of the park from the force of the blow and landed on his back.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa281\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 Usopp shot a series of Exploding Stars at Chew, who dodged most of them. Even the ones that hit him only seemed to annoy him further. As Chew got closer, he continued running, desperate to create more distance between them. It was kind of surprising that he actually ran faster than this guy, but he didn't dwell on that particular blessing. Suddenly, Chew stopped running. He took a deep breath, aimed, and fired a water gun at Usopp. Usopp turned around and it seemed to hit him in the chest. He fell over onto the ground motionlessly.\
Chew walked up to him, looked him over, and decided he was dead. He started to walk away, grumbling something about fast running weaklings. Usopp looked up from where he lay. The shot had missed him narrowly, but he had used a Ketchup Star to fake a hit. He wondered if he could really win this fight. There was no water around, but he didn't know how much the fishman had left to begin with. He briefly contemplated just letting the fishman walk away. It was unlikely that he could win this fight. But what if that guy went after the villagers or swayed the outcome of one of the other fights? It would be his fault.\
He thought about it for a moment before Luffy's words came to his mind.\'a0
\f2\i Not doubting. That is true power.
\f1\i0 \'a0If he was going to question his chances of victory every time he needed to get a job like this done, did he even have the right to call himself their crewmate? The obvious answer was no. With that thought, he slowly rose to his feet, his heart pounding and his legs shaking, and shouted.\
"Where do you think you're going, you fish bastard!? I'm not done with you yet!" Chew turned around, annoyed. If this guy was alive, he really should have played dead for a little longer. He ran back towards Usopp and blocked an Exploding Star with his hand, ignoring the sting. He tried to shoot another water cannon at the sniper, only for his eyes to widen. He was out of water.\
Instinctively he caught something that was thrown at him. He looked at it in confusion. A sake bottle? Suddenly, an Explosive Star hit the bottle, and the sake drenched him. He growled in annoyance.\

\f2\i This is it! There's no turning back! The saga of the cowardly, good for nothing Usopp\'85
\f1\i0 \
"It's over!" he shouted out loud.\
"What's over, you stupid shit?" Chew asked, not being able to read his thoughts.\
"This fight! Alcohol is flammable," Usopp replied confidently. "
\f3\i\b Certain Death! Flame Star!
\f1\i0\b0 "\
Chew tried to block this one only for his entire body to catch fire once it made contact with his hand. He screamed in agony and started rolling on the ground, desperately trying to put the fire out. Usopp took the opportunity and leapt over him, bringing down a hammer full force onto his skull. "
\f3\i\b Usopp Hammer
\f1\i0\b0 !" Chew stopped flailing, and Usopp sat beside him, panting. Suddenly, Chew twitched and let out a groan, and Usopp freaked out, hitting him on the head with the hammer repeatedly and yelling Usopp hammer all the while.\

\f2\i Where did he even get that hammer?\'a0
\f1\i0 was Chew's last thought before he blacked out.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa281\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 Hachi and Kuroobi both rushed him to finish Sanji as he slowly rose to his feet.\

\f2\i This is nothing
\f1\i0 , he thought, shaking off the pain and getting ready for another round.\'a0
\f2\i What Nami-san has endured these past eight years\'85
\f1\i0 \
The fishman duo came at him from two sides, and Sanji placed his palm down on the ground and started spinning rapidly.\

\f2\i It puts this pain to shame!
\f1\i0 \
"
\f3\i\b Concasse!
\f4\i0 "\'a0
\f1\b0 The spinning kick caught both fishmen in its circular path and they were both blown back off their feet. Before either could get up, Sanji jumped into the air and performed a series of front flips for momentum before bringing his heel down on Hachi's skull, putting him out of commission. He was unable to recover in time, though, and Kuroobi took the chance to land his strongest attack.\
"
\f3\i\b Thousand Brick Fist!
\f1\i0\b0 " The heavy punch hit Sanji dead center and he felt at least two ribs break. He was thrown back again, crashing through the same wall again. Even that didn't stop his momentum, though, and he crashed again through the wall in Arlong Park before coming to a stop. Kuroobi followed him in, seething. "You bastard. Look what you've done to Hachi. Don't think I'll forgive you for this," he called out, assuming the fight was over. Sanji rose shakily to his feet, however, and Kuroobi was infuriated further when he came into the building only to find Sanji standing.\
"That's just fine with me," Sanji replied, coughing up blood. "Because I don't intend to forgive what you bastards did to Nami-san.\
"Nami?" Kuroobi scoffed and then laughed. "Don't tell me you're all here to avenge that manipulative backstabbing woman! She was just using you from the beginning. Your pathetic chivalry is wasted on her!"\
Sanji's gaze darkened. He could handle the pathetic chivalry part, but the rest he couldn't ignore. "Get this through your thick skull, fish stick. Nami is the navigator for our crew, and that's not about to change anytime soon. So if you're going to stand there and insult her, I hope you're ready for some pain." Before Kuroobi could retort, Sanji shot forward, delivering a series of swift and precise kicks to the fishman's head, neck, torso, arms, and legs. Kuroobi stumbled and fell back. He struggled to stand, and Sanji let him recover as he lit a cigarette.\
Kuroobi roared and jumped into the air, intending to drop kick Sanji, but Sanji ducked under him. "
\f3\i\b Anti Manner Kick Course!
\f1\i0\b0 " He shoved his foot upwards at a 180-degree angle into Kuroobi's chest, and the ray fishman barreled through several floors of the building. He got lodged into one of the upper floors before blacking out.\
Sanji blew out a puff of smoke. Chef: 2, Fish: 0. He tapped his foot against the ground a couple of times before he walked out of the slowly collapsing building to face a grinning Zoro.\
"Not bad, Cook," Zoro commented.\
"Shut it," Sanji replied, before promptly collapsing onto his back with his arms spread out.\
"You missed quite the show. I think you can still catch the end of it, though," Zoro said, pointing. Sanji followed his finger to the crowd of villagers. Among them was Nami. When had she gotten here? They were all staring at something with awed expressions. He leaned onto his arm to get a better view. Luffy was standing in front of a pool of blood. He was covered in it. It coated the length of his arm and oozed down his fist, dripping onto the concrete below. And yet, Sanji couldn't see any wounds on him. Was it\'85?\
His eyes widened as he realized it all belonged to Arlong, who was lying before Luffy in a crumpled heap, gasping and struggling to push himself to all fours. "Get up." Luffy commanded. Arlong was torn between trying to continue the fight and refusing the human's command, but settled on trying to do what Luffy had said, only to slump to the ground again. "Get up," Luffy said again. "This is nothing. Absolutely nothing compared to what she went through. You're not getting off this easily."\
Arlong roared in contempt and raised his head off the ground in a burst of adrenaline, only to be kicked across the face by Luffy. There was a deafening crack. His nose bent at an awkward angle and blood flew from his face. He dropped back to the ground, out cold with his eyes rolled back.\
His audience was silent for a long while, taking in the sight. Finally, one villager\'97the doctor who had treated him last time, Zoro thought idly\'97remembered how to speak. "Arlong Park has fallen," he whispered. Nojiko nodded weakly. As if to verify his statement, the building that Sanji had let loose on finally collapsed, crumbling from top to bottom until all that was left was a pile of rubble. This was the signal for the villagers to break out in a fit of cheers. They cheered for the end of Arlong's reign, for the end of their enslavement, for the end of Nami's suffering, and for the beginning of their new life.\
In the midst of it all, Nami walked up to Luffy and pressed his hat back on his head. The tension vanished from Luffy's face at the sight of her and he flashed her the widest grin he'd worn since arriving on the island before speaking.\
"So, you wanted to draw a world map, right? You're going to have to go to the Grand Line eventually," he said matter-of-factly. Nami smiled.\
"What do you mean, 'eventually'? How long are you planning to wait, Captain?" At this, Luffy's grin grew, and he was about to answer when Nami pulled him into a hug, returning the gesture he had offered at Baratie. Some of the villagers saw this, their protective instincts kicking in, and although they didn't stop cheering, several decided they would need to have a talk with Luffy at some point. Genzo was among them. But for now, they just continued celebrating.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa281\partightenfactor0

\fs28\fsmilli14080 \cf0 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 It seemed all of the fighters were exhausted except for Luffy, even if they didn't show it: Johnny and Yosaku due to fighting fishmen when they were used to fighting normal humans for the most part; Sanji due to being tag teamed by Arlong's officers; and Zoro due to his injury from Mihawk, which had never properly been treated, Luffy remembered. Usopp soon arrived back at the scene, only to look around in confusion. Was the fight over\'85? He looked from the villagers to the bloodied, beaten form of Arlong, and then joined in on the celebrations himself. "Captain Usopp has returned from battle victorious!" he shouted, despite his own exhaustion. A few villagers clapped him on the back, going along with his antics in their sheer joy.\
"Wait," one of the villagers said suddenly. "What about the Marines? The ones that tried to take Nami's money? What do we do about them?" Nami suddenly felt angered at the thought of those bastards waking up and trying to take her money again, but Luffy reassured her.\
"Don't worry about it. They won't be waking up for a few days," he said. "I put them all into temporary comas."\
Nami stared. "Comas?" she repeated.\
"Yeah," Luffy said. "Maybe I went overboard on that one." He pouted. "But they were annoying."\
Nami kept staring at him for a few seconds, and then let out a long, joy-filled laugh. The villagers all turned to her in surprise, taking in the melodic sound that they hadn't heard in so long. The collapse of that abhorred building didn't signify their new beginning. No, it was this. They decided to move their celebrations out of this damnable place and continue them in the village. Luffy grinned enthusiastically, remembering how long this celebration would last. He always loved a good banquet.\
When they got back to the village, Luffy's head perked up. "There's a Marine ship on its way," he said, drawing everyone's attention.\
"How do you know?" Genzo asked worriedly.\
"I can tell," he responded cryptically.\
"They probably noticed that those rats were unaccounted for," Zoro cut in, referring to the Marines who had been hired by Arlong, "and decided to investigate. The Marines didn't know what the idiot Marine captain was up to after all. He wasn't supposed to be gone this long." The villagers shot each other worried looks. The Marines weren't exactly their allies at this point. They decided to return to the village for now.\
When they arrived back in Cocoyasi, the Marines were already there, standing over the unconscious forms of Captain Nezumi's squad and unsuccessfully trying to rouse them. The commander in charge addressed the approaching crowd. "Would any of you happen to know what occurred here?" he asked formally. The villagers hesitated, not really knowing themselves, before Nami stepped forward. "They were taken out by the fishmen," she lied. The commander looked at her and nodded. Nezumi had reported that he was coming here to investigate the situation, against the advice of his higher ups. It wasn't surprising that the Arlong Pirates had subdued them upon their arrival.\
Commander Chodo gritted his teeth in frustration. Unlike Captain Nezumi, he was under direct orders not to confront the Arlong Pirates. The higher-ups were insistent on this after hearing that the Marine captain hadn't returned. Chodo was one of the few higher-ranking Marines that believed they should commit their resources to bring down the powerful fishman pirates, despite the adamant refusal of his superiors. Now he was under orders to retrieve Nezumi, if possible without engaging said pirates, which meant that he had to tell these villagers to their faces that he was leaving.\
Luffy could sense the conflicted emotions radiating from this Marine. The man was clearly torn. He turned to observe Nami, whose gaze had softened, no doubt coming to the same conclusion. "It's OK," Nami finally spoke quietly. "Arlong Park has fallen." The Marine looked at her in shock.\
"Fallen\'85?" he repeated dumbly. "Who\'85" he trailed off.\
"The Arlong Pirates were taken down by another pirate crew," Nami said, conveniently leaving out the fact that said pirate crew was standing right in front of him.\
Luffy stepped forward. "That would be us," he said. Zoro laughed and Nami looked at him in concern. The commander just stared at him.\
"And who would you be?" he asked carefully.\
"Monkey D. Luffy," he replied.\
The commander's eyes widened slightly at the name, but then he looked down and placed his hand over his eyes in shame. They had been so indecisive. They had appeased Arlong so long, and the people of this island had finally been forced to rely on a grudge match between pirates for salvation.\
Then he looked up. There was only one thing he could do at this point. If the Arlong Pirates had time to recover, it would start all over again. He was arresting them right here and now. His orders hadn't accounted for the fact that Arlong would be incapacitated, after all. He signaled to his squad and they split into two groups, one bringing Nezumi's squad back to the ship and the other heading in the direction of Arlong Park.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb5 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa281\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 \strokec2 Once the Marines left, the celebration really began. Other villages had been informed of Arlong's defeat and Cocoyasi soon became one giant festival. Luffy ran through the streets in the direction of Sanji's aura. He stopped when he spotted him taking the last bite of a melon. "Ah, that hit the spot," Sanji said in satisfaction. "Cooking is great, but sometimes it's nice to just sit back and do the eating."\
"Hey, Sanji!" Luffy yelled. "What was that melon you were eating just now?"\
"Ah, that? That was ham melon. They basically take a melon and then cover it in smoked ham. It's really\'97"\
"Where'd you get it!?" Luffy interrupted in desperation. Sanji sweatdropped.\
"Someone was walking around with it, but I doubt you'll find them in this crowd\'85" Luffy dashed off into the crowd, eager to prove him wrong.\'a0
\f2\i \cb3 \strokec2 This time I'm eating that ham melon for sure!\'a0
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 he thought with determination. He reached out with his Observation Haki, trying to find the aura of someone who was walking around with ham melon. Goddammit. What the hell did that even feel like?\
"He sure is enthusiastic," Sanji commented.\
"Oh, Luffy? He's usually like that," Zoro said plainly. He had suffered through the excruciating pain of having his wound sewed up properly after leaving it alone for a while. That was not pleasant. At least he was looking less pale and livelier now, Sanji noted.\
Sanji stood up and stretched. "Well, now that I'm full\'85" He ran off towards the crowd. "Time to flirt!" he yelled unashamedly.\
Zoro leaned back and yawned. "Time to sleep," he said before dozing off.\
In the middle of the crowd, Usopp stood on top of a tall stack of tables and yelled into a megaphone. "It is I, Captain Usopp, the proud warrior who triumphed over an officer of the Arlong Pirates! Let's all sing a song in honor of my bravery!" The drunken crowd cheered and applauded before submitting to the ludicrous request.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa281\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 \cb3 \strokec2 Usopp sure knows how to work a crowd\'85
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 Sanji thought as he sat in the middle of several women who were asking if he really took out both of Arlong's best officers. He leaned his head back in bliss. He wouldn't mind staying here for a couple days himself\'85\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb5 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa281\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 \strokec2 Luffy walked up a hill in a mix between satisfaction at the ham melon he was currently chewing on and exasperation at the villagers that kept pulling him aside. He had already had a talk with 6 of them, each of them asking what his intentions toward Nami were. He had replied to each of them that she was his navigator and his close friend, and they had all accepted this after making the same request: take care of Nami. He had promised each one that he would.\
As he reached the top of the hill he spotted Genzo in front of a grave. He walked up and stood beside him, reading the name on the grave.\'a0
\f2\i \cb3 \strokec2 Bell-m\'e8re
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 . Genzo glanced at him and nodded. He returned the gesture before speaking. "Nojiko told us about Nami's mother. She was a strong person," he said. Genzo looked back at the grave.\
"She was," he agreed quietly. They were silent for a while before Genzo spoke again. "I know Nami is going with you on your journey." Luffy looked at him and nodded.\
"After the lengths that you've gone for her, I feel like I can trust you," he continued. "But know this. If you ever rob Nami of her smile, I will hunt you down and kill you myself." He looked Luffy dead in the eyes as he said this, and Luffy stared back. He knew he would never take away Nami's happiness. She had been smiling right up until the end. The ship of the Straw Hat Pirates had been her home. So he didn't hesitate when he responded.\
"It's Genzo, right? You have my word that I will take it upon myself to preserve Nami's smile every chance I get." Genzo kept staring at him for a few seconds, and then a grin broke out across his face.\
"That's good to hear," he said, before handing Luffy a bottle of sake. They both drank contentedly and watched the sunset as Genzo laughed heartily at Luffy's stories about Nami during the time they had sailed together in East Blue. Luffy himself learned why Genzo always wore a pinwheel on his hat. That was an interesting tale.\
"So, she told you her name was Nojiko?" Genzo asked in amusement.\
"Yeah," Luffy answered. "I don't think she counted on me ever coming here."\
Genzo continued to laugh uncontrollably. Luffy could tell the alcohol was getting to him. "You sure you should be drinking this much?" he asked, amused.\
"Ah, don't worry about it! Today is an exception," he said jovially before taking another long swig of sake, emptying the bottle and tossing it into the growing pile. Luffy shrugged and continued drinking himself. An hour later, he chuckled and threw Genzo's reeking, unconscious body over his shoulder before walking back in the direction of the village.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb5 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa281\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 \strokec2 The next morning, Luffy, Zoro, Usopp, and Sanji got the Going Merry ready for their departure. Johnny and Yosaku informed them that they would return to pirate hunting, and after saying their goodbyes, set out in the small boat that Luffy and Sanji had arrived in.\
Sanji looked around at the coast worriedly. "Where is Nami-san? She is coming, isn't she?"\
"Don't worry. She'll come. She probably just wants to make a grand exit," Zoro said with a smirk, remembering how she had left last time.\
"I hope so. She's half the reason I'm here," Sanji stated with a straight face. Luffy turned to him.\
"Oh, Sanji! I finally found that ham melon! It was delicious," he said with enthusiasm.\
Nojiko was arguing with the villagers over Nami's decision to leave the 93 million Belly with them when they heard a voice shout in the distance. "
\f2\i \cb3 \strokec2 Set sail!
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 "\
Nami came running towards the ship, weaving through the villagers as they tried to stop her, asking why she was leaving without saying goodbye. Genzo was indignant at her audacity. After all this, she was leaving without hearing their thanks?\
"Hey, what's she doing?" Usopp asked. Luffy just laughed.\
"You heard her. Set sail." As the ship started to pull away from the coast, Nami weaved through the last of the villagers, which were all screaming for her to stop. She jumped from the coast high into the air, grabbed hold of the railing of the Going Merry, and flipped herself over onto the deck. She looked back at the villagers and smirked before pulling the bottom of her shirt up. Dozens of wallets fell onto the deck, and the villagers suddenly brought their hands to their pockets with horrified expressions.\
"
\f2\i \cb3 \strokec2 You rotten thief!
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 " they all shouted. Nami simply smiled and waved before holding something up in her right hand. It looked like a\'85belt? Genzo's eyes suddenly widened and he looked down in horror before his pants fell to the ground around his ankles.\
"
\f2\i \cb3 \strokec2 Nami!
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 "\
Luffy laughed uncontrollably. That was a nice touch. "Are we gonna be all right?" Usopp asked.\
"Get back here you thieving cat!"\
"Give us back our wallets!"\
"Relinquish my belt at once!"\
"Thank you for everything!"\
"Stay safe!"\
"Come back anytime!" The shouts grew distant as the Going Merry drew further from the coast, setting out once again.\
The Going Merry sailed smoothly through calm seas as seagulls flocked overhead. Just a typical morning in the life of the Straw Hat Pirates. Of course, the Straw Hats themselves would be bored out of their minds if they had to sit through what was considered typical by anyone else's standards. Sanji was kicking Luffy in the face, Usopp was running around like a chicken without its head due to the Tabasco sauce in his eyes, Nami was complaining to an apologetic News Coo about the price of the paper, Zoro was experimenting, seeing if he could speed up the ship by sending blunt winds at the back of the sail with his sword, and Luffy was\'85well, getting kicked in the face by Sanji.\
"Come on, Sanji! Let me have one! They look so good," Luffy complained as his stomach growled.\
"Absolutely not! These are Nami-san's tangerine groves, and it is my sacred duty to defend them at any cost!"\
"Thanks a lot, Sanji-kun!" Nami called. Luffy turned to Nami.\
"What's your problem, Nami? Just one?" he whined.\
"No way. That's what you get for trying to steal them," she said, without looking up from her newspaper.\
"Oh, come on, Nami," Luffy said with a devious smile. "If I really wanted to steal one, do you honestly think Sanji could stop me?"\
Sanji was indignant at this, and Nami looked at him curiously. Suddenly, he disappeared from his seated position before their eyes. Sanji blinked before Luffy called out to them from behind the tangerine grove.\
Nami let out a resigned sigh, realizing he could probably have stolen every single one without getting caught, and relented. "I guess you have a point," she said.\
"How so?" Sanji asked. His head was sagged and he was visibly sulking.\
"But just one!" Nami called out. Luffy nodded his agreement and dashed back over before digging into the tangerine, peel and all. That was when the wind blew loose flyers out of the newspaper, and they landed on the deck. Everyone stared down at them with mixed expressions: Luffy in excitement, Nami in horror, Usopp in surprise, and Sanji in indifferent acknowledgement.\
"Zoro!" Luffy called out eagerly.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb5 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa281\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 \strokec2 It was a peaceful day in Marineford\'85well, as peaceful as the Headquarters of the World Government's military branch could get, anyway. Incessant mutterings broke out among the high-ranking Marines in the conference room before Brannew broke them off with a polite clearing of his throat.\
"We apologize, Commodore," one Marine said. "But do you really think that our Marine branches in East Blue will be unable to deal with this threat?"\
Brannew nodded. "To be blunt, they won't even come close," he said regretfully. He turned to three bounty posters that hung on the wall. "Buggy the Clown, 15 million Belly, Pirate Fleet Admiral Don Krieg, 17 million Belly, and Saw-Tooth Arlong, 20 million Belly. Taking into account that the average bounty in East Blue is 3 million, the fact that his crew crushed them all can't be ignored. These three had the highest active bounties in the eastern seas."\
Brannew's audience processed this information as he continued, "It is not just their captain that has caught our attention, however. It was his first mate, former Pirate Hunter Roronoa Zoro, that ended Captain Morgan's\'85um\'85suspicious activity in Branch 153." A few Marines shifted uncomfortably at this. "Furthermore, Buggy the Clown unwittingly let slip during his interrogation that it was Roronoa Zoro that incapacitated him. Taking into account the nature of his Devil Fruit and the fact that Roronoa Zoro is a swordsman, this is an impressive feat."\
Brannew rubbed his chin in thought. "Our sources suggest that Don Krieg, although not captured like the other two, was defeated by their captain, Monkey D. Luffy, rather easily, and Commander Chodo\'85or rather, Captain Chodo," he corrected absently, thinking back on the strange circumstances of the man's recent promotion, "confirmed that Arlong was taken out by the same man. Although they have yet to challenge the Marines or the World Government directly, Captain Nezumi and Lieutenant Fullbody have both readily suggested that bounties be placed on their heads.\
"If I may interrupt, Commodore," one Marine said politely. Brannew nodded at him. "What of the strange gossip regarding Pirate Hunter Zoro's alleged clash with the Royal Warlord, Dracule Mihawk?" More mutterings broke out among the Marines in the room. Brannew grimaced.\
"These rumors were no doubt brought on by Mihawk's spontaneous appearance in the weakest of the eight seas. It is not surprising that gossip of this nature would start. Roronoa Zoro is the most famed swordsman in East Blue, after all," Brannew speculated. "Nevertheless, we will not humor such nonsense." He looked down at the posters in his hand. "Still, the ease with which they defeated these threats, and the threat that they themselves pose, cannot go unnoticed. It is for these reasons that we have placed record-setting bounties on their heads," he finished.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb5 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa281\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 \strokec2 The Straw Hats continued to stare at the two wanted posters. Zoro walked up and whistled at the sight.\
"Straw Hat Luffy, bounty 45 million Belly," Usopp whispered.\
"Demon Wind Zoro, bounty 28 million Belly," Nami added in dismay.\
Luffy laughed happily. "45 million! How about that?"\
"28 million," Zoro repeated. "I must say I'm a little disappointed," he said with a smile that suggested he was not at all disappointed.\'a0
\f2\i \cb3 \strokec2 I wonder what caused the change in title\'85oh, well, I never called myself a pirate hunter anyway.
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 \
"As usual, you fail to understand the gravity of the situation," Nami said with her head in her hand. "With this, Marines and bounty hunters will be actively seeking us out."\
Luffy stopped laughing. "Yeah, you're right. Really weak Marines and bounty hunters," he said with a pout.\
Zoro frowned. "Didn't think of that. Now a bunch of nobodies will be coming after us. What an insult."\
"You're missing the point!" Nami shouted in frustration. Then she sighed. "I don't think we'll be able to lounge around in East Blue any longer."\
"Well, that works out perfectly. Because I was planning on heading to the Grand Line after one last stop," Luffy said with a grin. Nami, Usopp, and Sanji looked at him curiously.\
"One last stop? Where did you want to go?" Nami asked.\
Luffy pointed to the horizon. "It's that island right there," he stated. They all looked to where he was pointing in surprise.\
"That's\'85" Nami trailed off. "There's a place on that island called Loguetown."\
"The town of the beginning and the end," Luffy recited from memory. Nami nodded.\
"You've heard of it?"\
"Yeah," he said.\'a0
\f2\i \cb3 \strokec2 From you
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 , he added mentally. He grinned again. "The town where the Pirate King, Gold Roger, was born and died. Where the Great Pirate Era began."\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb5 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa281\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 \strokec2 When they arrived on the coast, each of them took in the sights with varied reactions. "Well, I'm gonna go find the execution platform."\
"Looks like I can find some fine ingredients here," Sanji said.\'a0
\f2\i \cb3 \strokec2 And some fine\'a0women,\'a0too
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 .\
"I'm gonna look for some equipment to buy," Usopp added.\
"OK, don't get ripped off," Luffy said mockingly before taking off without any idea where he was going.\
"I'd like to buy some swords, actually," Zoro said aloud.\
"Oh, and how will that work, Zoro? You don't have any money, after all," she said smugly. "You know, I can loan you some\'85at 300% interest."\
Zoro just shot her his own smug grin. "No, I think I'll be fine. Thanks, though." Nami frowned as he walked away.\'a0
\f2\i \cb3 \strokec2 Shopping without any money? What a weirdo\'85
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb5 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa281\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 \strokec2 As Zoro walked through the streets, he caught wind of a familiar aura, as well as a familiar argument. "Looks like that monster isn't with you today. This works out perfectly. We'll send you back to him in pieces!"\
"Can't you just let it go?" a feminine voice asked. But the pirates confronting her completely ignored her. The crowd broke out in gasps and shouts as they pulled out their swords.\
"Tell that boss of yours that this is what happens when he messes with our dream of getting to the Grand Line!"\
Tashigi idly wondered how they wanted her to tell him that if they were planning on sending her back to him in pieces, but pulled out her sword. The crowd watched in awe as she cut them both down in one swift motion. The crowd cheered and applauded before she stumbled and fell face first onto the ground, her glasses sliding across the pavement. One spectator commented that she was too strong for her own good as Zoro walked forward and handed her her glasses, making sure not to\'a0
\f2\i \cb3 \strokec2 break
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0them this time.\
In his many coincidental encounters with the Marine woman, Zoro had long since gotten over his discomfort at seeing an exact replica of the face of his childhood friend. As Tashigi thanked him politely, Zoro just nodded and walked in the opposite direction. He soon ran into a problem. He couldn't for the life of him remember which shop he had gotten those two swords from last time. Loguetown was huge. He suddenly stopped in the middle of the road, though, as a familiar feeling hit him. He turned to the direction of an arms shop off to his right and smiled.\'a0
\f2\i \cb3 \strokec2 Well,\'a0isn't that\'a0convenient?
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 \
As he made his way over to the store and walked in, the feeling became more profound. He was in the right place for sure. "I'd like to buy two katana," he said to the familiar store clerk. The clerk rubbed his hands together in a poorly concealed gesture of greed.\
"Of course, of course! Right this way, sir," he said happily. Suddenly though, he stopped as he caught sight of the sword on Zoro's hip. Zoro inwardly scoffed.\'a0
\f2\i \cb3 \strokec2 Here we go
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 . The man began stuttering nervously as he requested to get a good look at his sword. Zoro obliged and handed it over. The man's eyes widened as he unsheathed it before turning back to Zoro.\
"Listen," he started. "I have a good eye for craftsmanship. What you've got here isn't the work of a master, but it's definitely an above average sword. What would you say to me giving you 300,000 Belly for it? If you want 3 swords that badly, then you could buy each for 100,000 without losing a single Belly."\
"Nah," Zoro said blandly. It took a moment for it to register in the clerk's mind that his offer had been rejected before he started stuttering again.\
"Then\'85how about 500,000 Belly?" he asked nervously.\
"Nope."\
"All right, you haggler! You've got me! I'll pay you 700,000 Belly, but that's my final offer!"\
"Not for sale," Zoro said in a bored tone, although he was a little disgruntled by the presence that he felt walking into the store behind them.\
"Whoa! That sword!" the voice said in enthusiasm. The clerk's face looked even more nervous now. Tashigi flipped through a book on swords and stopped on a page that had an illustration of Zoro's exact sword. "That's the\'a0
\f2\i \cb3 \strokec2 Wado Ichimonji
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 !" It's a famous Meito that sells for over 10,000,000 Belly! Where on earth did you get it?"\
The store clerk was now visibly sulking, but he rounded on Tashigi. "Did you really have to open your mouth!? I should sue you for ruining my business!"\
"Ruining your business?" Tashigi asked in an apologetic tone. "I'm sorry, did I say something? It's just I've never seen one of the 21 Superior Grade Swords before."\
"Don't blame her," Zoro said in annoyance. "I wasn't gonna sell it anyway." The clerk just scoffed.\
"You came for your\'a0
\f2\i \cb3 \strokec2 Shigure
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0right? Here, it's been polished," he said as he tossed the sword at Tashigi. Tashigi caught it, but failed to catch herself, and stumbled right into a shelf of swords, causing them to all clatter to the floor. "Why the hell did you fall that way!? Pick those up now!" the clerk yelled. Tashigi scrambled to do that as he turned back to Zoro.\
"Fine, you've got a famous Meito. Enjoy it. Now find two swords and get out," he said grudgingly. Zoro rolled his eyes and walked over to a barrel of mostly cheap swords.\'a0
\f2\i \cb3 \strokec2 50,000\'a0Belly\'a0swords?\'a0What,\'a0is this guy broke or something?
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 the clerk thought.\
"You seem to really love swords," Tashigi said as she walked up to him. "You're carrying three of them after all. It reminds me of this one bounty hunter named Roronoa Zoro," she said.\
"I hear the name a lot," Zoro said truthfully, before quickly pulling out the sword that had long since caught his attention. Tashigi stilled at the sight of it before pulling out her book again. "That sword\'85
\f2\i \cb3 \strokec2 Kitetsu III
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 ? That should sell for at least 1,000,000 Belly. I would buy it if I were you," she said. She turned to the clerk. "Are you really selling this for 50,000 Belly?" she asked.\
"Yeah\'85" the clerk replied reluctantly.\
Tashigi quickly went into a history of the three\'a0
\f2\i \cb3 \strokec2 Kitetsu
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0swords, commenting that the 1st\'a0
\f2\i \cb3 \strokec2 Kitetsu
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0was one of the 12 unrivaled works of craftsmanship in the world, before the clerk changed his mind and shouted that he wouldn't sell it. Tashigi looked surprised and asked why.\
"It's cursed," Zoro said simply. "I could feel it before I even walked in here."\
The clerk's eyes widened.
\f2\i \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0It takes a great swordsman to recognize a cursed blade. Who is this guy?
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 \
Zoro hummed, taking in the familiar sight and feel of the blade. "You know, I like it. Actually, I really want it," he said with a nostalgic grin.\
"What!? No way! You idiot, if I sold it to you and you died, wouldn't it be like I killed you!?" he shouted. Tashigi looked shocked at this revelation, and Zoro just continued smirking.\
"Let's test it out, then. If this sword doesn't accept me as its master, we'll know here and now," he said, before throwing the blade up in the air and holding his arm out.\
"Idiot! Its sharpness is the real thing! You'll lose an arm!" the clerk shouted. Tashigi gasped and placed a hand over her mouth.\
As the sword came down, Zoro's reflexes screamed at him to coat his arm in Armament Haki, but he ignored them and closed his eyes. The sword fell down and the blade hit his arm dead center before it fell to the ground and imbedded itself hilt deep into the floor. Zoro's audience stared in shock as he rolled his arm around in its socket. There wasn't a scratch on him. "Good sword," he said, still grinning.\
The clerk fell to the ground as the tension left his body. He quickly got up and told Zoro to wait for him as he stumbled into the back of the shop. He came back with another familiar sword with a black hilt and sheath. "This is the best sword I have. It's one of the 50 Skillful Grade Swords,\'a0
\f2\i \cb3 \strokec2 Yubashiri
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 . Please take it free of charge, along with\'a0
\f2\i \cb3 \strokec2 Kitetsu III
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 ."\
Zoro nodded at the man gratefully. "Thank you," he said with sincerity. The man just waved his hand dismissively.\
"Don't worry about it. It's not every day I see a true swordsman walk in here. They say the sword chooses the swordsman. Consider this a gift."\
As Zoro walked out of the shop, he couldn't help but laugh joyfully at the feeling of the three swords on his waist as well as the emptiness of his pockets. He could hardly believe he'd just pulled that off.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb5 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa281\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 \strokec2 Luffy ran through the streets, still looking for the execution platform. He had run into Smokey and asked him for directions, but he had gotten lost again somehow. As he kept running, he was surprised to sense the familiar presence of someone who should by all rights be on his way to a prison right now. Not that he cared either way. He wondered how the guy had escaped from the Marines though. "What are you looking for?" the man asked without looking at him.\
"The execution platform," Luffy replied.\
"It's that way," the man said, pointing.\
Luffy ran off in the direction the was pointing before yelling, "Thanks, Big Nose!" The man looked after him in shock, finally realizing who he was, and his jaw dropped.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa281\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 \cb3 \strokec2 Fuck.
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb5 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa281\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 \strokec2 When Luffy finally arrived at the execution platform and climbed to the top, he whistled. He had seen it before, but he would never get over the symbolic value of this view. Bystanders looked up at him in annoyance and wonder before a woman walked up to the execution platform. "I've been looking for you, Straw Hat. It's been a while, hasn't it?"\
Luffy stared down at her. "If by\'a0
\f2\i \cb3 \strokec2 it's been a while
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0you mean\'a0
\f2\i \cb3 \strokec2 we've never met before
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 , then sure," he said in confusion.\
"Now, that's cold," the woman said. "Don't tell me you've forgotten my beautiful face," she said. Luffy was tempted to respond that he couldn't forget something that he'd never seen before, but settled for scanning her with his Observation Haki instead. He ignored the killing intent of the presences coming up behind him as his eyes widened.\'a0
\f2\i \cb3 \strokec2 Alvida?\'a0
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 Then it clicked.\'a0
\f2\i \cb3 \strokec2 That's right. She ate a\'a0Devil Fruit\'a0that made her slim\'85I mean\'85got rid of her freckles\'85yeah, that was it. What else does it do again?
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 \
Buggy and Cabaji jumping out behind him brought him out of his thoughts, and he sidestepped Cabaji as the acrobat attempted to trap him. Cabaji tripped over himself in surprise, and Luffy promptly kicked him in the ass, sending him flying off of the execution platform. He turned to Buggy. "A plank of wood? I feel insulted. I think you should apologize."\
Buggy looked at him in outrage and started screaming bloody murder at him, but Luffy wasn't paying attention. His focus was caught by another aura that had flickered to life. It was quite simply the greatest aura he had felt since coming back to the past, and taking into account their confrontation with Mihawk, that was saying something. It would have actually made him nervous if he didn't have an idea who it was.\
"\'85think I'm apologizing to a stupid rubber bastard like you, you've got another thing coming!" Buggy finished. Luffy turned back to him.\
"Uh\'85sorry, did you say something?"\
Buggy got ready to lunge at him, but Luffy held his hand out. "Hey, Buggy. I have an idea. Why don't I stand here and do nothing while you execute me?"\
Buggy looked extremely confused now. "What."\
"No, really," Luffy said. "I'll stand right here. Take that sword and cut my head off or something."\
"Are you mocking me?" Buggy seethed.\
"Dead serious."\
"I'll kill you whether you stand there or not, you straw hat bastard!" Buggy screamed indignantly before picking up the sword.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb5 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa281\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 \strokec2 "Over this way!" Zoro yelled as he led Nami, Usopp, and Sanji toward the execution platform.\
"Slow down, Zoro!" Usopp complained. "We just met up and now you have us running all over the place? What's the problem?"\
"I told you, there's a huge storm coming!" Nami yelled. "We have to get back to the ship!"\
"Just keep your mouths shut and follow me!" Zoro yelled.\'a0
\f2\i \cb3 \strokec2 That aura I just felt\'85it was huge. This could be bad. We have to find Luffy.
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 \
They arrived at the execution platform and saw Luffy standing on top of it along with Buggy, just like last time. "What is that idiot doing?" Sanji asked. They watched in worry as Buggy reared back to swing his sword at Luffy's neck. Zoro's eyes narrowed as he realized Luffy wasn't about to dodge, block, or even use Haki to guard. What was he playing at? He was about to make a jump for the platform when the huge aura from before roared to life along with a crack of lightning that erupted from the dark clouds that had manifested in the previously clear sky. The heavens rained their cold fury down on the execution platform, and there was a large flash of light followed by a loud explosion.\
Luffy picked his hat up from ground and walked past Buggy's unconscious, charred form. He looked at the stunned faces in front of him, before shouting out.\
"
\f2\i \cb3 \strokec2 I am the man who will become the Pirate King!
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 "\
His voice echoed out through the silent plaza. He walked by Buggy's crew and resisted the urge to laugh at the faces that Alvida and Cabaji were wearing. "Well, I guess that's that," he said. The crowd made way for him as he walked through to find his crewmates, who were all staring at him in wonder, except for Zoro, who just looked annoyed. "Everyone get what they needed?" he asked. At a round of weak nods, he grinned. "Then let's go."\
As they ran towards the coast, Sanji turned to Zoro. "Hey, do you believe in God?"\
"Nope," Zoro replied.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb5 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa281\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 \strokec2 A lone man walked slowly through the stormy streets of Loguetown, his black cloak flowing in the wind.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa281\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 \cb3 \strokec2 Inherited will. The destiny of the era and the dreams of\'a0its\'a0people. These forces are unceasing and relentless. So long as humanity continues to pursue the true meaning of freedom, those dreams will never yield.
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 \
Another flash of lightning illuminated the man's madly grinning face. "Pirate King? Good. I expect nothing less."\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb5 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa281\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 \strokec2 The Straw Hats were still on their way back to the ship when they found their path obstructed by Tashigi, whose hair was shadowing her eyes. "So, you're Roronoa Zoro, and a pirate no less." She looked up in rage and Zoro got that old familiar feeling as thoughts of Kuina came into his mind. He hated it.\
"I won't let such a magnificent blade stay in the hands of someone like you! Your\'a0
\f2\i \cb3 \strokec2 Wado Ichimonji
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0shall be confiscated!"\
"Just try it," Zoro said as they crossed blades. Sanji started yelling at him for attacking a woman, but that only seemed to aggravate Tashigi more and she told them to leave. Nami and Usopp were surprised that a Marine was letting them go, but didn't complain as they ran past along with Luffy.\
Zoro ended the fight quickly, disarming Tashigi and ramming his sword into the wall next to her head. She stared at him in shock. Zoro wordlessly lowered his blade and walked away, which infuriated her. "Why didn't you kill me!?" she shouted. Zoro looked back at her in annoyance. "Is it because I'm a woman?" she asked. Zoro stared at her for a few seconds longer before smirking.\
"Think nothing of it. When you Marines catch a pirate, regulation dictates that you have to execute them. But whether I kill someone or not is up to my mood. Remember that well." Tashigi looked shocked at his answer, actually taking a moment to consider his words, before Zoro waved his sword in a downward arc. A small whirlwind obscured him from sight, and when it died down, he was gone.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb5 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa281\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 \strokec2 Luffy stopped as a familiar Marine captain obstructed their path once again. "Go ahead, you guys. I'll catch up with you." They looked at him uncertainly before running past the white-haired man, who let them go.\
"Straw Hat Luffy, bounty of 45 million Belly. I'm afraid I can't let you go anywhere."\
Luffy shot him a cocky grin. "I'm afraid you won't be able to stop me."\
"I wonder about that. While I've been stationed on this island, not a single pirate that's passed by here has been able to enter the Grand Line."\
Luffy actually scowled. "Well, if you weren't so busy keeping up your perfect attendance record, maybe you could have stopped Arlong from enslaving an island. As it was, I had to do your job for you."\
Smoker's eyes narrowed, and Luffy could tell he had offended him. He didn't really care, though. Smoker's attitude on this pissed him off. His pride hadn't allowed him to leave Loguetown until it finally demanded that he follow the only pirate to escape him to the Grand Line. Smoker was quite simply the only Marine in East Blue that could have done much of anything against the Arlong Pirates. Not only that, but he could have crushed them singlehandedly if he wasn't so busy keeping no-name pirates out of the Grand Line. It upset Luffy to think that Nami's predicament could have been solved much earlier in the previous timeline, but wasn't.\
So he honestly didn't feel that bad about the beating he was about to give his Marine rival.\
Smoker lunged forward, propelled to great speeds by a trail of smoke behind him. He was clearly much faster than any opponent Luffy had gone up against since coming back. But not fast enough. Luffy ducked under the extended punch from Smoker's Logia arm and grabbed it. Smoker's eyes widened as he felt the grip on his body, which was very much tangible right now. While Mihawk had taken the concept of proficient Haki users outside the Grand Line in stride, Smoker wasn't as composed. Luffy quickly flipped him over onto his back and rammed his fist down into the man's gut. Smoker coughed up blood and his body went limp.\
Luffy started to walk away, only to stop and turn back to see Smoker panting but on his feet. "You didn't think it would be that easy did you?" he asked.\
"Oh, impressive," Luffy said with a small smile. He had put much more strength into that punch than anything he had thrown at Krieg or Arlong. He had almost forgotten that Smokey wasn't like most of those overconfident Logias out there. He trained his body as much as he trained his Devil Fruit.\
Smoker lunged at him again after pulling out his jutte, but Luffy sidestepped him. Smoker quickly took flight in his Logia form, looking for an opening as he circled around Luffy. Not good enough.\
"
\f3\i\b \cb3 \strokec2 Gomu\'a0Gomu no\'85Pistol!
\f1\i0\b0 \cb3 \strokec2 " He sniped Smoker out of the air, and the man came crashing to the ground. He quickly recovered this time, and dissolved into smoke. The smoke surrounded Luffy from all sides. This was meant to make his attacks unpredictable, as his jutte could come from anywhere. But it was a double-edged sword. It also meant that Luffy could go for any part of the smoke and land a solid hit. In addition, Luffy could see his attacks coming either way.\
"
\f3\i\b \cb3 \strokec2 Gomu\'a0Gomu\'a0no\'85
\f1\i0\b0 \cb3 \strokec2 " The smoke closed in on him. "
\f3\i\b \cb3 \strokec2 Gatling!
\f1\i0\b0 \cb3 \strokec2 " His fists rammed at the smoke in all directions, pushing it back until finally Smoker couldn't keep it up anymore. The smoke fell back and took the form of a man again. Said man was panting heavily, and was covered in blood from head to toe. He took one step toward Luffy before letting out a groan and collapsing to the ground.\
Luffy walked in the direction of the ship again before he found another man standing in front of him. His eyes widened. The man's aura was suppressed to that of a civilian, but Luffy knew better.\
"That was quite the display," the man said, sounding impressed. Luffy just stared at him before speaking.\
"It was nothing much," he said.\
"I wouldn't have guessed that you'd have come so far by now," the man continued. Luffy thought for a moment. He knew that he wouldn't be able to hide his aura. Not from this guy. So he stopped suppressing it, letting it flare. He could see the man's grin grow wider under his hood.\
"There are a lot of things you wouldn't know about me, Dad." A flash of lightning illuminated the man's face once again. Dragon kept smiling, but his smile seemed to turn a bit sad at that statement.\
"I'm aware," he said. "And there are a lot of things that I'd like to know." He looked towards the sky. "But they'll have to wait. The world is awaiting our answer." With that, they walked past each other, and Dragon's voice called out one last time from behind Luffy. "The winds are changing," he said cryptically. "Once you board your ship, you'll have a tailwind toward the southwest. It will take you to Reverse Mountain." Luffy kept walking, but let a small smile grace his lips.\'a0
\f2\i \cb3 \strokec2 Well, he's not making any negative progress
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 .\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb5 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa281\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 \strokec2 When Luffy finally arrived at the ship, he took note of the bloody, beaten form of Mohji and his lion on the ground. It looked like Sanji's handiwork\'85or rather, footwork. Zoro had already arrived and was yelling for him to hurry up. They all quickly boarded and raised anchor.\
After they set sail, Nami commented that they had a promising tailwind, and Sanji brought a barrel out to the middle of the deck. "This calls for a celebration," he said.\
"To become Pirate King!" Luffy said.\
"To become the World's Greatest Swordsman," Zoro recited.\
"To find All Blue," Sanji said with a smile.\
"To draw a world map," Nami said with enthusiasm.\
"To become a brave warrior of the sea!" Usopp said despite his trembles. They cracked open the barrel as their ship sailed on through rough waters towards the Light of Guidance.\
"
\f2\i \cb3 \strokec2 To the Grand Line!
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 "\
On a certain island in the Grand Line, numerous pirates camped out lazily in a dark forest. The officers of the pirate crew all looked up as one of their crewmembers came running frantically. "Captain!" he shouted fearfully. The man he was addressing handed him a drink as he ran up, and the frantic man quickly chugged it before continuing. "Captain! Ha-Haw-Hawk-Eye\'97" the man froze as he felt a looming presence behind him, and quickly dashed off to the side.\
"You sure are complacent, camping out on an island such as this," the intruder said calmly.\
The pirate captain looked up at the man, fighting off a persistent headache. "Yo, Hawk-Eye. I'm not feeling well today. You come for a duel?"\
"I have lost interest in dueling with a one armed man such as yourself." Mihawk said. "I merely came here to tell you of some very interesting pirates I met. They reminded me of a story you once told me, about an interesting little kid in an unassuming village." He pulled out two wanted posters.\
"Is that\'85?" Yasopp trailed off.\
"No way\'85" Lucky Roo said.\
Red-Haired Shanks stared down at the wanted posters in his hand before he looked up, a mad grin etched across his face. "So, you've finally come, Luffy."\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb5 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa281\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 \strokec2 The storm continued as the Going Merry took full advantage of the wind and shot towards the southwest. Nami was looking down at the Grand Line map they'd acquired in Orange Town with a troubled expression. "This doesn't make sense. I thought the rumors were just that, but according to this map, they're completely true."\
"Rumors?" Luffy asked. "Oh, you mean about the mystery mountain."\
"Sure," Nami replied, not really paying attention as she tried to puzzle out their next course of action. She called everyone inside for a meeting about what to do next, and when everyone gathered around, she set the map down on the table. "So apparently, the entrance to the Grand Line is a mountain," she began.\
"A mountain?" Usopp asked, tilting his head in confusion.\
"Exactly," she said. "I didn't believe it myself at first, but all signs point to the intersection of the Grand Line and the Red Line as the entrance. It's called Reverse Mountain.\
"So, what? Is there a cave that we have to go through? Do we just ride the currents?" Sanji asked.\
"You're partially right," Nami said. "There is a current, but it's supposed to take us up the mountain." Usopp looked at her skeptically.\
"How is our ship supposed to climb a mountain?" he asked, trying not to sound disbelieving.\
"Because it's a mystery mountain," Luffy said with conviction.\
"But why can't we just enter directly from the South?" Usopp asked.\
"Technically we could," Zoro cut in, "But there are certain reasons why we should go through the entrance."\
Nami shook her head. "The entrance is the only way. Otherwise anyone could go to the Grand Line. Most people who try don't even make it there."\
"Oh, that's right," Sanji said. "I heard entering the Grand Line was really dangerous, but entering through the Calm Belt is almost impossible."\
"Well, in that case, you better adjust our course to the west, because the storm we're in is about to end," Luffy commented, looking out the window. Nami's eyes widened in horror and she frantically started turning their ship towards the west. When she got back, she was sweating nervously.\
"That was close. We almost went into the Calm Belt," she said.\
"What's the Calm Belt?" Usopp asked.\
"The Calm Belts are two strips of sea that surround the Grand Line. There's never any wind, so if you go there, you're stuck. It's also a nesting place for some of the world's largest sea kings, which makes it impossible to cross. That's why not just anyone can enter the Grand Line."\
Zoro just smirked. "Well, we're not just anyone." He gestured to Luffy. "When are you gonna learn not to underestimate our captain?" Nami turned questioningly to Luffy, who scratched his head.\
"I guess I could get a sea king to give us a ride," he said nonchalantly. Several eyes widened at this.\
"And how would you do that exactly?" Sanji asked with a raised eyebrow.\
"Oh, that's right, you weren't there when Luffy explained it," Zoro said. "Basically, 1 in a million people in the world can awaken an ability called Conqueror's Haki. It allows you to challenge other sentient beings to a clash of wills, and the being with the stronger will wins. Usually this ends in the Conqueror winning, but strong willed people and even some other intelligent creatures can resist the power. Luffy is an awakened Conqueror, so taming sea kings isn't out of the question."\
The Straw Hats all seemed equally taken aback by this information. Sanji, to his credit, took the explanation without blinking until the mention of taming sea kings. "But like Zoro said, there's a reason why we need to go through the entrance," Luffy said. They all looked at him curiously. He pointed at them, as if in reprimand.\
"Listen up! We have to go through the mystery mountain because it's cooler that way!" Nami and Usopp face faulted, and even Sanji lost his composure at that.\
"Well, there's that too," Zoro said. "But we also have to keep our pride intact. It wouldn't look good if our crew took the easy way in."\
Nami was starting to get annoyed. "All right," she said. "Can you guys think of one\'a0
\f2\i \cb3 \strokec2 logical
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0reason why we should enter through the front?"\
"We just gave you two!" Luffy protested. At the menacing look on her face, he went on, "But if you must know, normal means of navigation don't work in the Grand Line. If we entered through the Calm Belt, we'd just be stranded in the middle of the sea without a Log Pose."\
"Log Pose?" Nami asked curiously.\
"It's the special type of compass used in the Grand Line." He pointed at the compass in Nami's hand. "That won't work in the sea we're going to. It'll just spin around randomly."\
Nami looked extremely disconcerted at this. "So, then, how is a Log Pose any different? If a normal compass can't lock onto the earth's magnetic field, how will a special compass do it?"\
"Ah, well you see\'85" Luffy paused. "Basically the way it works is\'85" Another pause. "It's a mystery compass." Nami's patience was being pushed to the limits now, but she sighed and let it go.\
"Well, I'd rather not ride on a sea king to be honest. So, we can get this\'a0
\f2\i \cb3 \strokec2 mystery compass
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0if we go through Reverse Mountain?" Luffy nodded, and Nami's eyes narrowed. "How do you know so much about this?" she asked suspiciously. Luffy blinked.\
"Ah, that's simple," he answered, before raising his fists to his waist. "I'm going to be the Pirate King!" There was a loud crash as Nami's fist connected with Luffy's face, sending him bouncing off a wall and back into a seated position in front of her. Luffy looked at her in surprise.\
"What? Got something to say?" she growled. Luffy just continued to stare at her. After about 10 seconds, a giggle escaped him. Then that giggle turned into a loud snort, followed by a full on fit of hysterical laughter. Nami looked annoyed, Usopp looked confused, Sanji looked infatuated, and Zoro, unbeknownst to the other three, just gave a small smile.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb5 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa281\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 \strokec2 It was a little while longer before Luffy's voice caught everyone's attention. "There it is! Mystery mountain, dead ahead!" Everyone looked at the scene in front of them in awe. Sanji whistled. Even Zoro looked impressed. He'd only seen the sight twice before.\
"It's huge! I can't even see the top past the clouds," Usopp commented.\
"All right, everyone, that current is the entrance to Reverse Mountain!" Nami yelled over the rushing waters.\
"The sea is really flowing up the mountain," Sanji noted calmly.\
"Use the rudder to turn us toward the current," Zoro instructed. "Once you feel resistance, stop pulling. Otherwise, it'll just break."\
"But then how will we keep ourselves from crashing?" Usopp asked nervously.\
"We'll take care of it," Luffy said. He rolled his arm in his sockets as he walked towards the ship's railing along with Zoro.\
Usopp and Sanji rushed to do as they were instructed, directing them as close as they could to the narrow path before the resistance became too much. Usopp and Nami looked on nervously as the ship headed towards the corner of the entrance. They would crash at this rate.\
"
\f3\i\b \cb3 \strokec2 One Sword Style\'85360 Caliber Phoenix!
\f1\i0\b0 \cb3 \strokec2 " Zoro shot a wind cannon at the wall they were heading towards, and the ship immediately turned toward the mountain before veering off a little to the left. A blunt Rankyaku from Luffy brought it back dead center, and the current started pulling them up the mountain faster and faster. The Straw Hat Pirates took in the once in a lifetime experience (or in Luffy and Zoro's case, twice in two lifetimes) before they finally reached the top and peered down at the clouds below. "Luffy, you feel that?" Zoro asked. Luffy nodded at the presence they both felt. It could really only be one thing.\
"Grand Line, dead ahead!" Luffy shouted. The current started bringing them down at speeds faster than then they had endured on the ride up, and soon, a loud, deep, unidentified sound reached their ears.\
"What was that?" Nami asked. "The wind?"\
"Get ready," Zoro said.\
"R-ready? For w-what?" Usopp stuttered.\
"Hey, there's a mountain in the way!" Sanji yelled. "I don't think that's supposed to be there!" They looked toward the coming disaster with wide eyes.\
"That's no mountain," Luffy said calmly. "It's a whale."\
"It's too big to be a whale!" Nami insisted.\
"Doesn't matter what it is. We're gonna crash into it!" Sanji shouted.\
"Zoro," Luffy called. Zoro nodded and walked towards the front of the ship.\
"
\f3\i\b \cb3 \strokec2 360 Caliber Phoenix!
\f1\i0\b0 \cb3 \strokec2 " he yelled as he let off another wind blast. He made it duller and more spread out this time so as to not hurt Laboon. The wind caused the Going Merry to come to a stop in front of the whale as the current ended. For a moment, all was calm as the Straw Hats looked on with trepidation. Soon, it became clear that the whale hadn't noticed them. Good. Now they just had to get out of here without drawing any attention to themselves\'85\
"Whaaaaaale!"\
Or not.\
"Heeeeyy! Whaaale! Down here whale!" Luffy shouted at the top of his lungs as he jumped and waved his hands in the air.\
"Are you trying to kill us!?" Nami and Usopp shouted as he continued to try to catch the attention of the mountain-sized creature that could sink their ship quite easily. "Cut that out!"\
Luffy stopped shouting and pouted. A few seconds passed before the whale's gargantuan eye shifted and landed on them. "
\f2\i \cb3 \strokec2 It sees us!
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 " The whale opened its mouth and started sucking water in. Their ship started to go with it. Nami and Usopp cried hysterically, Sanji offered to hold Nami in his arms, Zoro yawned tiredly, and Luffy laughed mirthfully, not even bothering to hold on to anything, before the wind from the suction launched him from the boat. It wasn't long before the rest of the crew was sucked inside the whale's mouth along with the Going Merry. The whale closed its mouth, and the world went dark.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb5 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa281\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 \strokec2 "So, what do you think?" Usopp asked.\
"I think we were eaten by a whale," Sanji answered.\
"Yeah, definitely eaten by a whale," Usopp confirmed.\
"So, then\'85what is this place?" They all took in the scenery, from the innocent looking sea and the clear sky above to the small island in front of them.\
"Is it a dream?" Sanji asked.\
"Yeah, must be a dream," Usopp answered.\
"So, then, that's a dream island," Sanji nodded towards the island.\
"Yep, dream island," Usopp replied. Suddenly, a giant squid rose out of the water, threatening to capsize their ship.\
"Dream squid?" Sanji speculated.\
"Dream squid," Usopp confirmed.\
\'85\
"
\f2\i \cb3 \strokec2 Dream squid!
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 " Usopp screamed, as Sanji got ready to take preemptive action against the creature. Before he could jump up to kick it though, a trio of harpoons shot through its head, and it fell back into the water. The Straw Hats looked at the new arrival in apprehension. His gaze seemed to tear through their eyes to their very minds. He continued staring at them menacingly for about 10 seconds before Sanji got frustrated.\
"Aren't you gonna say something!?" he shouted. The man just continued staring at them wordlessly.\
"What, y-you wanna fight old man?" Usopp stuttered. "We have a cannon! Don't make us shoot you!"\
The man's gaze intensified. "Don't, or someone will die," he said quietly. Usopp shrieked.\
"Oh, yeah? And who would that be?" Sanji asked challengingly. The man's intense gaze shifted to him before he answered.\
"Me."\
"The fuck!?" Sanji shouted. "Bastard, messing with me," he grumbled as he walked forward. Zoro held him back, and then called out.\
"Hey, who are you anyway? Are we inside the whale right now?" The other three looked at him as if he was insane. How could they be inside the whale?\
The man's gaze shifted to Zoro. "Before you ask another's name, it is common courtesy to introduce yourself first," he responded.\
"Oh, right," Zoro said. "Well, I'm\'97"\
"My name is Crocus," the man interrupted. "I am the watchman of the lighthouse to the Grand Line. I am 71 years old and my sign is Pisces. My blood type is\'97"\
"Hey, can I kill him now?" Sanji asked as the man continued, the information getting less and less relevant.\
"He still hasn't told us where we are," Usopp said.\
"Like I said, we're in the whale's stomach," Zoro said. "That sky is a painting." Their eyes squinted as they took a closer look. Now that he mentioned it, the seagulls weren't even moving\'85\
"Why is there a painting of the sky inside a whale's stomach?" Usopp asked.\
"I get bored," Crocus said simply.\
"Well, how can we get out of here?" Sanji asked, finally getting to the point.\
"The exit's over there," Crocus said, pointing at a large, barred metal door.\
"There's an exit!?" Nami shouted.\
"Actually, there are two, but I suspect that you'll find this one preferable," Crocus said.\
"So, what, do you live here or something?" Usopp asked curiously. "Does that make you some kind of whale hermit?" Crocus' gaze intensified again, threatening to pierce through into Usopp's soul. "Stop doing that!" Usopp shouted. The man started to pout.\
"You just don't appreciate a good running gag, do you?" he asked.\
"Your gag is tripping over itself in its attempt to keep running," Sanji commented.\
"At least I have a gag," Crocus retorted.\
"I'll gag you both if you don't shut up soon," Zoro said in an annoyed tone. It was then that the entire sea they were in seemed to start swaying, and they had to hold on so as to not fall into the whale's\'85stomach acid. Nami shuddered at the thought. Usopp asked what was going on, and Crocus explained that the whale was bashing its head against the Red Line in an attempt to break through. Suddenly, there was a crash coming from above, and Luffy started falling from the sky along with two strangers that he was carrying for some reason. He took a few steps through the air before he landed on the Going Merry and set the two down.\
"Hey, what's up guys?" he asked.\
"How did you get here!?" Usopp and Nami shouted.\
"I used Geppo to reach the top of the whale. There was a latch at the top that led here," Luffy answered.\
"This sure is a strange whale," Usopp commented. "Come to think of it, why is there light in here? Shouldn't it be complete darkness inside a whale's stomach?"\
"It's a mystery whale," Luffy concluded with his arms crossed.\
"What is Geppo?" Nami asked.\
"Basically, it lets me fly." It was then that the two strangers he brought down with him jumped to their feet, declaring that they were here to kill the whale and use it as food for their town. They pulled out two bazookas, and Crocus looked like he was getting ready for a fight, before Luffy punched them both and knocked them out cold.\
Crocus suddenly disappeared and after a while the sea stopped swaying, so they were able to get out to the open sea through the exit. Crocus came and met them out there.\
"Hey, Crocus," Sanji began. "Why does this whale hit its head against the Red Line? It must know that it can never get through that way."\
Crocus took on a sad expression as he looked up toward the whale. He explained the whale's past and it's promise with the pirate crew that brought it here. He went on to say that it had been 50 years since then, and that the crew was either dead or not coming back. Luffy wanted to disagree as he thought of Brook, but didn't say anything. Once Crocus finished his explanation, Luffy looked up at Laboon with a determined expression.\
He shot off the ship using Geppo until he was hovering directly over Laboon's head. "
\f3\i\b \cb3 \strokec2 Gomu\'a0Gomu no\'85Rifle
\f1\i0\b0 \cb3 \strokec2 !" His spinning fist rammed into one of the scars on Laboon's head, and the whale cried out in pain. He quickly became hostile and rammed his head against Luffy, who flew back into the Red Line with a loud crash. Luffy quickly rebounded and continued his assault. "
\f3\i\b \cb3 \strokec2 Gomu\'a0Gomu no\'85Pistol!
\f1\i0\b0 \cb3 \strokec2 " He hit Laboon's eye dead center, and the whale got angrier, attempting to ram him again, but Luffy dodged, jumping up high into the atmosphere before landing back on the mountain.\
The whale started to come in for another headbutt, but Luffy held his hand out. "Enough," he said. The whale surprisingly stopped, looking at him in confusion. "It's a draw," Luffy said. Then he smiled. "I'm pretty strong right? I'll bet you'd like to fight again. We have to know who's stronger after all." Laboon continued staring at him curiously. Luffy pointed at him. "Three years! Wait here for us for three years, and by then we'll have sailed around the world and come back to see you." Luffy's grin widened. "I'll even bring one of your crewmates so they can see you too!"\
At these words, Laboon raised his head to the heavens and let out a loud cry of agreement. Luffy quickly scribbled a poorly drawn mark of the Straw Hat Pirates on his head. "All right, this mark symbolizes the promise between us. Until we return, don't do anything to ruin this mark." The whale nodded to convey that it understood. With that taken care of, Luffy jumped back onto the Going Merry, where Nami was talking to Crocus about a Log Pose.\
"So, it's a compass that records the unique magnetic field of a specific island and points in that direction?" she asked eagerly.\
"That's correct. And in appreciation of what you've done," he said as he gestured to Luffy, "I think I'll just give you one so you can start your journey." While Nami was thanking Crocus for the trouble, the two strangers that Luffy had knocked out suddenly woke up. They quickly took off in their ship, yelling that they had to get back to Whiskey Peak, but that they'd succeed next time.\
"Well, that's quite the coincidence," Crocus said as after they left. "This Log Pose happens to be locked onto the same island they're going to." Nami took it and handled it carefully, scanning it with curious eyes.\'a0
\f2\i \cb3 \strokec2 So, this is what we'll be using to navigate from now on
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 .\
"Great! Then we can start there," Luffy said happily. "At that, uh, Sake Summit place."\
"Whiskey Peak," Crocus corrected.\
"Yeah, that." With their next destination decided, the Straw Hats set off for their first island of the Grand Line. "Remember our promise, whale!" Luffy shouted as they set off. Laboon let out a loud cry as the ship pulled away from the Red Line.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa281\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 \cb3 \strokec2 Luffy fell to his knees in exhaustion. His lungs struggled to decide between the pain that Luffy's heavy breathing brought upon them with every intake and the pain of continued oxygen deprivation should Luffy ease up on his inhales. His entire body was lead. He stared down at the unanimated form of Marshall D. Teach in shame. He'd killed him. He had crushed the life out of the man's body with his own two hands. He'd killed him. He shook himself out of his shock. He'd had no choice. The bastard would have healed again unless he ended it. He had no choice\'85
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 \

\f2\i \cb3 \strokec2 Luffy coughed up a clump of blood, and a wave of searing pain shot through his lungs again. Blackbeard had been a monster. With Marco's\'a0MythicalZoan\'a0added to old man Whitebeard's\'a0Paramecia\'a0and his own\'a0Logia, he just seemed so unbeatable. But here he lay, brought to death by his own ineptitude as a\'a0Haki\'a0user. The fight between the 1st division commander of the\'a0Whitebeard Pirates\'a0and the former member of the 2nd division had been close. But close wasn't good enough. Marco's death that day didn't just signify the loss of friends and allies for Luffy. It had signified the sway of an era for the world. What would have happened if Marco had won that fight and the rest of the Whitebeard\\ hadn't been crushed? One could only speculate.
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 \

\f2\i \cb3 \strokec2 Zoro and Sanji ran up to him in a rush. "Luffy, we have to get out of here!" Sanji shouted. "They're coming, it's an ambush! We have to move!"
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 \

\f2\i \cb3 \strokec2 But he couldn't. He couldn't move. Even if he could, he felt as if the slightest movement would kill him. He should\'a0have been used to the feeling by\'a0now. But every other time he had felt it, they had been safe. In the\'a0past,\'a0when he finally dropped to his knees and his mass produce of adrenaline ran dry, his complete and utter exhaustion was always accompanied by a sense of sweet relief at having accomplished his task. Now, the only emotion he felt was dread.
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 \

\f2\i \cb3 \strokec2 The admirals of\'a0Marine Headquarters\'a0were coming. They'd been waiting them out, and now they were coming. And there were three of them. Two admirals and the fleet admiral himself. Three fucking admirals would be a commitment if they were fresh. As they were now\'85their dread wasn't unfounded. But they couldn't stop now. They were so close. They had to make it out.
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 \

\f2\i \cb3 \strokec2 I couldn't help them.
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 \

\f2\i \cb3 \strokec2 The battle that ensued on the sea leading up to last island of the New World changed everything. It was truly the turning point of an era. It just wasn't what the\'a0Straw Hats\'a0had had in mind when they'd thought about it. Akainu, Kizaru, and Ryokugyu were relentless. They tried to escape on the ship at first with a Coup de Burst, but the admirals would have none of it. They soon found themselves far too preoccupied with staying alive to even think about escaping, their only choice being to fight. Zoro and Sanji would have actually had the latter two admirals at disadvantages despite their own fatigue if they weren't constantly distracted by the peril that the other\'a0Straw Hats\'a0were in.
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 \

\f2\i \cb3 \strokec2 I couldn't protect them.
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 \

\f2\i \cb3 \strokec2 Luffy tried to fight Akainu. He really did. But his body was running on\'85no, he didn't even know what it was running on anymore. He didn't even know how he was still standing, much less attempting to ward off volcanic eruptions. He could barely feel the burns anymore. His body was numb. His senses were numb. And as the battle continued, his spirit numbed as well.
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 \

\f2\i \cb3 \strokec2 I couldn't save them.
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 \

\f2\i \cb3 \strokec2 Six times Zoro and Sanji lost their heads and attempted to ditch their fights in favor of running to the side of a fallen comrade, and six times they were rewarded with pierced organs and crushed bones. Six times Luffy lacked the strength to even let out an agonized wail. Chopper was the first to fall, his desperate rumble having left him defenseless. Usopp was next, and then Nami, Robin, Brook, and Franky all followed. After half an hour, six were left standing.
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 \

\f2\i \cb3 \strokec2 Zoro and Sanji locked eyes, and a long conversation seemed to pass between them in a few seconds as Zoro's expression changed from desperation, to fury, to agony, and finally settled on resigned acceptance. Luffy could no longer resist enough to refute the plan the two had forced upon him. Sanji held the fort against two winded admirals and one fresh one as Zoro grabbed Luffy and fired off one last wind slash as he fled.
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 \

\f2\i \cb3 \strokec2 The admirals dodged, mindlessly jumping off the small, restricted space of the Sunny's deck, and Sanji quickly followed. The\'a0Marine\'a0warship that Ryokugyu attempted to land on was fried by Sanji's explosive kick, and after one last charge in the name of Mindless Justice, the\'a0Devil Fruit\'a0user was kicked into the sea. Akainu and Kizaru lost their heads for a split second, and that was the deciding factor. They charged Sanji, knowing they couldn't recover their comrade without losing this fight themselves. Whatever mobility their\'a0Devil Fruits\'a0allowed them couldn't compare to Sanji's\'a0Sky Walk, and he relentlessly kept them at bay despite the damage his body was taking from the laser and magma blasts. "Live on, Luffy! If you ever gave a shit about any of us, you'll live on!" Luffy's eyes were forced closed by the weights of his exhaustion, and in that moment, his entire world was the dimming aura of his crewmate in his last act of martyrdom. The Thousand Sunny shot off into the atmosphere with a Coup de Burst, and Luffy knew no more.
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 \

\f2\i \cb3 \strokec2 I let them die
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 .\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb5 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa281\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 \strokec2 Luffy woke up in a cold sweat and immediately shot upright in his bed. It took his brain a moment to process the concept of a nightmare and another to convince himself that the flashback had been just that. The dreams were always so vivid. Even the pain that his mind invented didn't wake him up. He raised his hand over bloodshot eyes and slowly climbed out of bed. Taking a deep breath, he walked out the door and onto the deck of the Going Merry. He spotted Zoro leaning over the railing, green hair following the path of the cold night wind. Luffy walked up beside him and stared out over the sea, still trying to get the images out of his head.\
"Couldn't sleep?" Zoro asked. Luffy shook his head. "Which one of them was it this time?"\
"All of them," he replied. Zoro was silent for a minute.\
"It won't happen again. We're here for a reason," Zoro reminded him. That reminder alone seemed to give Luffy strength, and he nodded. For a long while, they silently looked out over the dark waters, leaving each other to their thoughts.\
Luffy finally spoke up. "Hey, Zoro? How strong do you think you are right now?"\
Zoro thought for a moment. "A little stronger than I was after our two years of training, I guess," he answered. "How about you?"\
"About the same," Luffy replied honestly.\
They were thinking the same thing, but Zoro voiced it. "We really need to get into shape," he said.\
"Not just us," Luffy replied. Zoro shot him a curious look.\
"Tomorrow, we start Haki training with the rest of the crew," he said. Zoro blinked.\
"Already?"\
"The sooner the better."\
An excited grin made it's way onto Zoro face. "Sounds like fun."\
Luffy smiled despite the lingering tension in his mind and body. "Go easy on them," he said as he turned and walked away.\
"No promises."\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb5 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa281\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 \strokec2 Nami, Usopp, and Sanji stared at Luffy and Zoro in confusion. "Haki?" Usopp repeated. "Those techniques that you use? Can we really learn those Luffy?"\
Luffy nodded. "Zoro has mastered them too. There are three types of Haki. One is Conqueror's, which isn't an option for you guys unless I've completely missed something, but anyone can learn the other two. I'll demonstrate those now. Which of you wants to volunteer?"\
Nami and Usopp both turned to Sanji, who shrugged and walked up to Luffy. Luffy turned around so that his back was facing Sanji. "Try to kick me. As many times as you want."\
Sanji raised an eyebrow.\'a0
\f2\i \cb3 \strokec2 Is this dipshit serious?
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 \
"Yes, Sanji, I'm serious. And I'm not a dipshit. Not unless I want to be."\
Sanji blinked in surprise.\'a0
\f2\i \cb3 \strokec2 Did he just\'97
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 \
"Read my mind?" Luffy finished. "Not exactly. If you want an explanation, you better start kicking." Sanji, who was extremely curious now, started doing just that. He started with one swift kick, expecting Luffy to get shot overboard, but Luffy swayed out of the way of his kick, coming back to his initial position once Sanji brought his foot back. Sanji frowned, and then kicked three more times. Three more times Luffy dodged. A tic developed over Sanji's eye. He attempted to sweep Luffy's legs only for Luffy to jump over his foot, and then launched into a full on barrage of kicks, which were all dodged as well. Finally, he stopped.\
"This game sucks," he said plainly.\
"It's no game," Luffy said, turning around. "That was Observation Haki. It allows you to sense a living being's aura as it radiates off of them. The most obvious use of this skill is that you can sense where people are, and the most practical use is arguably that you can predict what a person is going to do next in a fight before they even start doing it. But those are just the most basic uses. Once you get really good, you can sense things like the type of being, its strength, and its emotions. With full mastery, you can even hear individual thoughts as they go through someone's mind if you focus hard enough."\
The Straw Hats were silent as they took in this information. Sanji himself was getting kind of excited thinking about the potential of such a skill. "So, you really were reading my mind earlier?" Sanji asked in amazement.\
Luffy shook his head. "It's not really reading your mind. I can't tell what you were thinking a minute ago, just what you're thinking when I listen in. And even then, it's a much more vague feeling than that. It's not as if I'm hearing what you're thinking. It's more like I'm feeling what your emotions are with extreme precision. People who train in Observation Haki, along with training to suppress their auras so that they're more difficult to keep track of, usually train to control their emotions so that it's harder to know what they're thinking. I'm not much good at that, though. But anyway, that's Observation Haki. Next." Luffy pointed to his forehead with his thumb. "Kick me in the head as hard as you can. I won't move this time." Sanji didn't question it this time, his curiosity getting the better of him, and he spun around on his palm for momentum before kicking Luffy's head full on with a\'a0
\f2\i \cb3 \strokec2 Concasse
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 . Luffy didn't budge. Sanji grimaced and got up.\
"How'd it feel?" Luffy asked.\
"Like I was kicking a steel wall. Hurt like hell," Sanji replied.\
"Right. That's Armament Haki," Zoro cut in. "It allows one to coat a body part in an invisible suit of armor to strengthen both attack and defense. Unlike Observation Haki, which is pure mental training, this is half mental and half physical. Your mind and body have to be in synch for it to work. Doubt is your worst enemy. Even a true master of Armament Haki can lose to a novice at it if he's hesitating. Unlike Conqueror's Haki, which is fully powered by one's will, Armament is a power that's fueled partially by will and partially by bodily training. Once you get good at it, you can imbue weapons and other objects with it, and with enough mastery, you can use armament hardening."\
Luffy brought his arm up at his side, and the Straw Hats watched as it darkened to a shiny obsidian black. "That lets you harden the entire mass of a body part or weapon rather than just coating it, making it preferable in some situations. If you're using Haki on something extremely large, like a giant inflatable limb, go with hardening if you can." Luffy almost laughed as Nami, Usopp, and Sanji looked at Zoro like he was an idiot.\
"Usually for strengthening solid objects, hardening is the best choice. It's not an option when strengthening non-solid or immaterial attacks though." Zoro turned back to Luffy, who was thoroughly impressed. Zoro was good at explaining the stuff that Luffy had ingrained without really thinking about it. "Did I miss anything?"\
"Devil Fruit defenses," Luffy stated, and Zoro nodded, giving him the floor. "Sometimes you'll run into Devil Fruit users who can change the nature of their very bodies. Sanji, you might kick someone only for your leg to go right through them and burn in the process when they turn into fire itself. Armament Haki allows you to bypass Devil Fruit defenses and attack the dormant human body. I'm actually a pretty good example. When Nami masters Armament Haki, I'll be in deep shit." Usopp snickered at this while Nami looked at him indignantly.\
"So, that's Haki," Luffy finished. "During our journey, Zoro and I will be teaching it to you guys so you can learn it early. If you master it soon, it will be a huge advantage in the early stages, but once we get further into the Grand Line, it will be an absolute must. Most people who enter the second half of the Grand Line and survive either know Haki or learn it sink or swim. Most people specialize in one of the two types."\
"Um, Luffy," Nami began hesitantly, "is there any reason why you're teaching this to\'a0
\f2\i \cb3 \strokec2 all\'a0
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 of us?" Luffy smiled at her reassuringly.\
"If you're worried that you don't have what it takes, don't be. I've seen what you guys are made of firsthand. You can do it." Nami smiled softly back at him after hearing this. "But as for the reason, I won't lie to you. Our journey is going to get dangerous. There will come a time when every member of our crew will need to be able to defend themselves against powerful opponents. I can't be everywhere." Nami and Usopp's eyes widened at this revelation, and they both adopted focused expressions.\
"So, then, when do we start?" Sanji asked.\
Luffy thought he detected a hint of eagerness in his voice. He grinned. "Now."\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb5 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa281\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 \strokec2 It was an interesting training session. Nami checked the Log Pose every now and then, but most of their time was dedicated to getting the concepts down. Basic Observation Haki training involved putting on a blindfold and trying to move out of the way of an approaching object. Luffy decided to get creative and have them play tag with each other with blindfolds on. That was the most hilarious disaster he'd ever had the pleasure of directly causing. By the time Zoro called for them to stop, they were all pretty pissed off. Especially Nami.\
Armament Haki training usually involved taking blows from a sparring partner head on without dodging until you build up a resistance to them, but Sanji would never agree to Zoro hitting Nami, so they basically set up training dummies and had the three punch them with their bare hands. Eventually their fists would build up a resistance to the hard material\'85eventually.\
By the end of the day they were all mentally exhausted, the result being\'85absolutely nothing. But Luffy had expected that. No one had a breakthrough on his or her first day of training. It simply didn't happen, unless the power was already awakened on the battlefield.\
"Good first day, everyone," Luffy commented. "And don't be discouraged. I felt like I was making zero progress when I first started, but this practice will pay off soon enough." He smiled cheerfully and he walked away along with Zoro, leaving the three in an exhausted heap on the deck of the ship.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb5 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa281\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 \strokec2 Luffy frantically jumped behind his cover, analyzing his surroundings and options at speeds that made his brain want to go on strike. He could jump out and try to land a hit before he was hit himself, but he knew his opponent would be waiting for him. That was asking for trouble. He considered his other options. Armament Haki would do him no good. If he took one more hit he was done. Using his Devil Fruit was out of the question right now, so he couldn't even stretch. What did he have left? A plan quickly formed in his mind and he smiled vindictively.\'a0
\f2\i \cb3 \strokec2 I've got you now.\'a0
\f1\i0 \cb3 \strokec2 He only had one shot at this. His opponent was in almost as bad a shape as he was in right now. He would have to slow him down long enough to land the first hit.\
He rose up from behind his cover, and saw the sign of his opponent's assault, the tensing of his arm muscles. He quickly let out a burst of Conqueror's Haki. It wouldn't be enough to stop him, but it would slow him down long enough for him to dodge and end this. His opponent faltered, and Luffy sidestepped the threatening projectile that came a second too late. He coated his own weapon of choice in Armament Haki and hurled it at his opponent. Only the man's face was visible over his cover, but the hardened projectile shot straight through his defense and hit him right in the chest, stunning him long enough for Luffy to get two more shots to his face. The man's eyes widened as he realized it was over.\
"Hah! Take that!" Luffy shouted. "That's 10-9 Usopp. You lose!" Usopp stood up and pointed accusingly at him.\
"You cheated, you bastard! You used that Conqueror whatever thing on me!" he shouted indignantly.\
"Oh, come on, Usopp," Luffy said in annoyance. "You banned me from using Soru, Geppo, Observation Haki, and my Devil Fruit. You have to give me something to work with here."\
"Do I look like I have any of those things at my disposal?" Usopp grumbled. Luffy and Usopp's snowman making contest had quickly led to a snowman vandalizing contest, which in turn had escalated to an all out snowball fight in which Usopp had the advantage due to his higher ground, sniping skills, and discipline to save up his ammo rather than randomly chucking snow all over the place and yelling Snow Gatling like Luffy. "I still say you cheated," Usopp complained. "Best two out of three."\
"You're on! I'll beat you three out of four if I have to!" Luffy yelled.\
"You mean three out of five," Usopp corrected.\
"Oh, yeah? Well, guess what?\
"What?" Usopp asked lazily.\
Nami watched from inside the ship in exasperation as Luffy tackled Usopp into a pile of snow. "How can those two have so much energy in this weather? Hell, how can the weather even be like this? It was sunny 10 minutes ago." Suddenly a large hunk of snow hit the window, rattling it and startling her. Annoyed, she opened the door. "If you two have time to play in the snow, why don't you make yourselves useful?\
"Oh, yeah? Well, what about you?" Luffy said with a pout. "Shouldn't you be checking the Log Pose?"\
"I checked it two minutes ago!" Nami yelled.\
"A lot can happen in two minutes," Luffy replied. "Usopp just lost his 2 point lead in two seconds. Something like our ship getting turned around isn't anywhere near as miraculous as that." Nami looked at him as if he was an idiot and walked back inside to check the Log Pose before shrieking.\
"Turn our ship around 180 degrees! We're going the wrong way!" Usopp looked at her skeptically, but Sanji just shrugged and obliged. "How did that even happen? The waves have been completely steady. For our ship to get turned around like that\'85"\
"The Grand Line sure is interesting," Luffy commented. As if to challenge his nonchalance, the wind suddenly picked up, and a storm seemed to brew out of nowhere. Nami quickly took command and the crew took action, closing the sails and constantly changing their course to account for the supernatural waves that seemed to throw them off at every turn.\
"Iceberg, dead ahead!" Usopp shouted.\
"I got it!\'a0
\f3\i\b \cb3 \strokec2 Gomu\'a0Gomu no Pistol
\f1\i0\b0 \cb3 \strokec2 !" Luffy's punch shattered the iceberg and the ship sailed through without a scratch, only to be taken off course again. After moving the rudder a few more times and then supervising it to make sure their course was steady, they finally unfurled the sails again. The storm left as spontaneously as it had come, and all but Luffy and Zoro collapsed to the deck, Luffy having laughed through it all, and Zoro having slept through it all despite Nami's several shouts for him to wake the hell up. Finally, he yawned tiredly and opened his eyes. He took a look around and frowned.\
"What, sleeping on the job? Look alive, guys." Nami slowly turned her head towards the hypocritical and borderline narcoleptic swordsman and stomped her way over to him. There was a large splash behind the Going Merry.\
"Man overboard!" Usopp shrieked, and Luffy started laughing again. Zoro climbed back onto the ship as Nami stomped away angrily.\
"What's her problem? She eat some bad meat or something?" he asked, yawning again.\
"Impossible. No such thing," Luffy said firmly.\
"Land ho!" Usopp's shout brought everyone to the front of the ship, where they all stared out over the horizon at their stop in the Grand Line.\
Luffy grinned in excitement. "This is gonna be fun."\
}